Take of the leaves of dryed Wormwood two pounds, Annis seeds, half a pound: steep them in six gallons of small wine twenty four hours, then distil them in an Alembick, adding to every pound of the distilled water two ounces of the best Sugar. Let the two first pound you draw out be called Spirit of Wormwood, those which follow, Wormwood water the lesser composition. I like this distinction of the College very well, because what is first stilled out, is far stronger than the rest, and therefore very fitting to be kept by itself: you may take which you please, according as the temperature of your body, either to heat or cold, and the season of year requires. It hath the same virtues Wormwood hath, only fitter to be used by such whose bodies are chilled by age, and whose natural heat abates. You may search the herbs for the virtues, it heats the stomach, and helps digestion. After the same manner (only omitting the Annis seeds) is distilled spirit and water of Angelica, both Herb and Root, Bawm, Mints, Sage, et cetera the Flowers of Rosemary, Clary, Clove-gilliflowers, et cetera the seeds of Caraway, et cetera Juniper-berries, Orange Pills, Lemons, Citrons, et cetera Cinnamon, Nutmegs, et cetera Take of common and Roman Wormwood, of each a pound; Sage, Mints, Bawm, of each two handfuls; the Roots of Galanga, Ginger, Calamus, Aromaticus, Elecampane, of each three drachms; Liquorice, an ounce, Raisins of the Sun stoned, three ounces, Annis seeds, and sweet Fennel seeds, of each three drachms; Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, of each two drachms; Cardamoms, Cubebs, of each one drachm: let the things be cut that are to be cut, and the things be bruised that are to be bruised, all of them infused in twenty four pints of Spanish wine, for twenty four hours, then, distilled in an Alembick, adding two ounces of white sugar to every pint of distilled water. Let the first pint be called Spirit of Wormwood the greater composition. The opinion of Authors is, That it heats the stomach, and strengthens it and the lungs, expels wind, and helps digestion in ancient people. Take of the leaves of Angelica eight ounces, of Carduus Benedictus six ounces, of Bawm and Sage, of each four ounces, Angelica seeds six ounces; sweet Fennel seeds nine ounces. Let the herbs, being dryed, and the seeds be grossly bruised, to which add of the species called Aromaticum Rosarum; and of the species called Diamoschu Dulce, of each an ounce and a half, infuse them two days in thirty two pints of Spanish Wine, then distil them with a gentle fire, and with every pound mix two ounces of sugar dissolved in Rose-water. Let the three first pounds be called by the name of Spirit, the rest by the name of water. The chief end of composing this medicine, was to strengthen the heart and resist infection, and therefore is very wholesome in pestilential times, and for such as walk in stinking air. Take of Angelica two pounds, Annis seed half a pound, Coriander and Caraway seeds, of each four ounces, Zedoary bruised, three ounces: steep them twenty four hours in six gallons of small wine, then draw out the spirit, and sweeten it with sugar. It comforts the heart, cherishes the vital spirits, resists the pestilence, and all corrupt airs, which indeed are the natural causes of epidemical diseases, the sick may take a spoonful of it in any convenient cordial, and such as are in health, and have bodies either cold by nature, or cooled by age, may take as much either in the morning fasting, or a little before meat. Take of Lavender flowers one gallon, to which pour three gallons of the best spirits of wine, let them stand together in the sun six days, then distil them with an Alembick with this refrigeratory. Take of the flowers of Sage, Rosemary, and Bettony, of each one handful; the flowers of Borrage, Bugloss, Lilies of the Valley, Cowslips, of each two handfuls: let the flowers be newly and seasonably gathered, being infused in one gallon of the best spirits of wine, and mingled with the foregoing spirit of Lavender flowers, adding the leaves of Bawm, Feather-few, and Orange tree fresh gathered; the flowers of Stœchas and Orange tree, Bay berries, of each one ounce. After convenient digestion distil it again, after which add Citron pills the outward bark, Peony seed husked, of each six drams, cinnamon, Mace, Nutmegs, Cardamoms, Cubebs, yellow Sanders, of each half an ounce, Wood of Aloes one dram, the best Jujubes, the stones being taken out, half a pound, digest them six weeks, then strain it and filter it, and add to it prepared Pearls two drams, Emeralds prepared a scruple, Ambergrease, Musk, Saffron, of each half a scruple, red Roses dryed, red Sanders, of each half an ounce, yellow Sanders, Citron Pills, dryed, of each one dram. Let the species being tyed up in a rag, be hung into the aforementioned spirit. 1. Whether the gallon of Lavender flowers must be filled by heap, or by strike. 2. Next, whether the flowers must be pressed down in the measure or not. 3. How much must be drawn off in the first distillation. 4. Where they should get Orange leaves and flowers fresh gathered. 5. What they mean by convenient digestion. 6. Where you shall find Borrage, Bugloss, and Cowslips, flowering together, that so you may have them all fresh according to their prescript, the one flowering in the latter end of April, and beginning of May, the other in the end of June, and beginning of July. 7. If they can make a shift to make it, how, or which way the virtues of it will countervail the one half of the charge and cost, to leave the pains and trouble out. Take of fresh Castoreum four ounces, Lavender flower an ounce, the tops of Sage and Rosemary, of each half an ounce, Cinnamon six drams, Mace, Cloves, of each two drachms, spirits of Wine rectified, six pounds, digest them in a phial filled only to the third part, close stopped with cork and bladder in warm ashes for two days, then distilled in Balneo Mariæ, and the distilled water kept close stopped. By reason of its heat it is no ways fit to be taken alone, but mixed with other convenient medicines appropriated to the diseases you would give it for, it resists poison, and helps such as are bitten by venomous beasts: it causes speedy delivery to women in travail, and casteth out the Placenta: it helps the fits of the mother, lethargies and convulsions, being mixed with white wine, and dropped into the ears, it helps deafness; if stopping be the cause of it, the dose to be given inwardly is between one dram, and half a dram, according to the strength and age of the patient. Take of the fresh roots of Butter-bur bruised, one pound and a half, the roots of Angelica and Masterwort, of each half a pound, steep them in ten pints of strong Ale, then distil them till the change of the taste gives a testimony that the strength is drawn out. This water is very effectual being mixed with other convenient cordials, for such as have pestilential fevers: also a spoonful taken in the morning, may prove a good preservative in pestilential times: it helps the fits of the mother, and such as are short winded, and being taken inwardly, dries up the moisture of such sores as are hard to be cured. Take of the leaves of both sorts of Scurvy-grass, of each six pound, having bruised them, press the juice out of them, with which mix of the juice of brooklime, and Water-cresses, of each one pound and a half, of the best white wine, eight pounds, twelve whole Lemons, pills and all, fresh Briony roots four pound, the roots of wild Radishes two pound, Captain Winter’s Cinnamon half a pound, Nutmegs four ounces, steep them altogether, and then distil them. Take of the flowers of Lilies of the Valley, one pound: infuse them in four gallons of Spanish wine so long till the following flowers may be had fresh. Take of the fore-named flowers half a pound, Peony flowers four ounces: steep them together fourteen days, then distil them in Balneo Mariæ till they be dry: in the distilled liquor infuse again male Peony roots gathered in due time, two ounces and a half, white Dittany, long Birthwort, of each half an ounce, the leaves of Misselto of the Oak, and Rue, of each two handfuls, Peony seeds husked, ten drams, Rue seeds three drams and a half, Castoreum two scruples, Cubebs, Mace, of each two drachms, Cinnamon an ounce and a half, Squills prepared, three drachms, Rosemary flowers six pugils, Arabian Stæchas, Lavender, of each four pugils, the flowers of Betony, Clove-gilliflowers, and Cowslips, of each eight pugils, then adding four pound of the juice of black Cherries, distil it in a glass till it be dry. Take of the leaves of Celandine, roots and all, three handfuls and a half, Rue two handfuls, Scordium four handfuls, Dittany of Crete, Carduus, of each one handful and a half, Zedoary and Angelica roots, of each three drams, Citrons and Lemon pills, of each six drams, Clove-gilliflowers one ounce and a half, Red Rose, Centaury the less, of each two drams, Cinnamon, Cloves, of each three drams, Venice Treacle three ounces, Mithridates one ounce and a half, Camphire two scruples, Troches of Vipers two ounces, Mace two drams, Wood of Aloes half an ounce, Yellow Sanders one dram and a half, Carduus seeds one ounce, Citron seeds six drams, let them be cut and infused in spirits of Wine, and Malaga Wine, of each three pound and a half, Vinegar of Clove-gilliflowers, Juice of Lemons, of each one pound, and distilled in a glass still in Balneo Mariæ, after it is half distilled off, the residue may be strained through a linen cloath, and be reduced to the thickness of Honey, and called the Bezoartic extract. Extracts have the same virtues with the waters they are made from, only the different form is to please the palates of such whose fancy loathes any one particular form. This Bezoar water strengthens the heart, arteries, and vital spirits: It provokes sweat, and is exceeding good in pestilential fevers, in health it withstands melancholy and consumptions, and makes a merry, blithe, chearful creature. Of the extract you may take ten grains at a time, or somewhat more, if your body be not feverish, half a spoonful of water is sufficient at a time, and that mixed with other cordials or medicines appropriated to the disease that troubles you. Take of Earthworms well cleansed, three pound, Snails, with shells on their backs cleansed, two gallons, beat them in a mortar, and put them into a convenient vessel, adding stinging Nettles, roots and all, six handfuls, wild Angelica, four handfuls, brank Ursine, seven handfuls, Agrimony, Bettony, of each three handfuls, Rue one handful, common Wormwood two handfuls, Rosemary flowers six ounces, Dock roots ten ounces, the roots of Sorrel five ounces, Turmerick, the inner bark of Barberries, of each four ounces, Fenugreek seeds two ounces, Cloves three ounces, Hart’s-horn, Ivory in gross powder, of each four ounces, Saffron three drams, small spirits of Wine four gallons and a half, after twenty-four hours infusion, distil them in an alembick. Let the four first pounds be reserved for spirit, the rest for water. ’Tis a mess altogether, it may be they intended it for an universal medicine. Take of Gentain roots sliced, one pound and a half, the leaves and flowers of Centaury the less, of each four ounces, steep them eight days in twelve pounds of white Wine, then distil them in an alembick. It conduces to preservation from ill air, and pestilential fevers: it opens obstructions of the liver, and helps such as they say are liver-grown; it eases pains in the stomach, helps digestion, and eases such as have pains in their bones by ill lodging abroad in the cold, it provokes appetite, and is exceeding good for the yellow jaundice, as also for prickings or stitches in the sides: it provokes the menses, and expels both birth and placenta: it is naught for pregnant women. If there be no fever, you may take a spoonful by itself; if there be, you may, if you please, mix it with some cooler medicine appropriated to the same use you would give it for. Take of Scabious, Burnet, Dragons, Bawm, Angelica, Pimpernel, with purple flowers, Tormentil, roots and all, of each two handfuls, let all of them, being rightly gathered and prepared, be steeped in four gallons of Canary Wine, still off three gallons in an alembick, to which add three ounces of each of the cordial flowers, Clove-gilliflowers six ounces, Saffron half an ounce, Turmerick two ounces, Galanga, Bazil seeds, of each one dram, Citron pills one ounce, the seed of Citrons and Carduus, Cloves of each five ounces, Hart’s-horn four ounces, steep them twenty four hours and then distil them in Balneo Mariæ: to the distilled water add Pearls prepared, an ounce and a half, red Coral, Crabs eyes, white Amber, of each two drams, Crabs claws, six drams, Bezoar, Ambergrease, of each two scruples, steep them six weeks in the sun, in a vessel well stopped, often shaking it, then filter it, (you may keep the powders for Spicord. temp.) by mixing twelve ounces of Sugar candy, with six ounces of red Rose-water, and four ounces of spirit of Cinnamon with it. I suppose this was invented for a cordial to strengthen the heart, to relieve languishing nature. It is exceeding dear. I forbear the dose, they that have money enough to make it themselves, cannot want time to study both the virtues and dose: I would have gentlemen to be studious. Take of the juice of Borrage, Bugloss, Bawm, Bistort, Tormentil, Scordium, Vervain, sharp-pointed Dock, Sorrel, Goat’s Rue, Mirrhis, Blue Bottle great and small, Roses, Marigolds, Lemon, Citrons, of each three ounces, white Wine Vinegar one pound, Purslain seeds two ounces, Citron and Carduus seeds, of each half an ounce, Water Lily flowers two ounces, the flowers of Borrage, Bugloss, Violets, Clove-gilliflowers, of each one ounce, Diatrion Sentalon six drams: let all of them, being rightly prepared, be infused three days, then distilled in a glass still: to the distilled Liquor add earth of Lemnos, Siletia, and Samos, of each one ounce and an half, Pearls prepared with the juice of Citrons, three drams, mix them, and keep them together. It mightily cools the blood, and therefore profitable in fevers, and all diseases proceeding of heat of blood; it provokes sleep. You may take half an ounce at a time, or two drams if the party be weak. Take of the juice of green Walnuts, four pounds, the juice of Rue three pounds, juice of Carduus, Marigolds, and Bawm, of each two pounds, green Petasitis roots one pound and a half, the roots of Burs one pound, Angelica and Master-wort, of each half a pound, the leaves of Scordium four handfuls, old Venice Treacle, Mithridates, of each eight ounces, Canary Wine twelve pounds, Vinegar six pounds, juice of Lemons two pounds, digest them two days, either in Horse-dung, or in a bath, the vessel being close shut, then distil them in sand; in the distillation you may make a Theriacal extraction. This water is exceeding good in all fevers, especially pestilential; it expels venomous humours by sweat; it strengthens the heart and vitals; it is an admirable counter-poison, special good for such as have the plague, or are poisoned, or bitten by venomous beasts, and expels virulent humours from such as have the venereal disease. If you desire to know more virtues of it, see the virtues of Venice Treacle. The dose is from a spoonful to an ounce. Take of the juice of Briony roots, four pounds, the leaves of Rue and Mugwort, of each two pounds, dryed Savin three handfuls, Featherfew, Nep, Pennyroyal, of each two handfuls, Bazil, Dittany, of Crete, of each one handful and a half, Orange pills four ounces, Myrrh two ounces, Castoreum one ounce, Canary Wine twelve pounds, digest them four days in a convenient vessel, then still them in Balneo Mariæ: About the middle of the distillation strain it out, and make an Hysterical extraction of the residue. A spoonful of it taken, eases the fits of the mother in women that have them; it potently expels the afterbirth, and clears the body of what a midwife by heedlessness or accident hath left behind; it cleanses the womb exceedingly, and for that I fancy it much, take not above a tasterful at a time, and then in the morning fasting, for it is of a purging quality, and let pregnant women forbear it. Take of dried Citron, and Orange pills, Nutmegs, Cloves, Cinnamon, of each two ounces, the roots of Cypress, Orris, Florentine, Calamus Aromaticus, of each one ounce, Zedoary Galanga, Ginger, of each half an ounce, the tops of Lavender and Rosemary, of each two handfuls, the leaves of Bay, Marjoram, Bawm, Mints, Sage, Thyme, of each one handful, the flowers of white and Damask Roses fresh, of each half a handful, Rose-water four pounds, white Wine eight pounds, let all of them be bruised and infused twenty four hours, then distil them according to art. You must distil it in a bath, and not in sand: It comforts and strengthens the heart against faintings and swoonings, and is held to be a preservative against consumptions and apoplexies. You may take half a spoonful at a time. Take of Cloves, Galanga, Cubebs, Mace, Cardamoms, Nutmegs, Ginger, of each one dram, Juice of Celandine half a pound, spirits of Wine one pound, white Wine three pounds, infuse them twenty-four hours, and draw off two pounds with an alembick. The simples also of this, regard the stomach, and therefore the water heats cold stomachs, besides authors say it preserves from apoplexies, and restores lost speech. Take of Scordium, Scabius, Carduus, Goat’s Rue, of each two handfuls, Citron and Orange pills, of each two ounces, the seeds of Citrons, Carduus, Hartwort, Treacle, Mustard, of each one ounce, the flowers of Marigolds and Rosemary, of each one handful, cut them, and bruise them grossly, then infuse them in four pounds of white Wine, and two pounds of Carduus water, in a glass, close stopped, and set it in the sun of bath for a fortnight, often shaking it, then distil it in Balneo Mariæ. Let the two first pounds be kept by themselves for use, and the remainder of the distillation by itself: Lastly, mix one ounce of Julep of Alexandria, and a spoonful of Cinnamon water with each pound. Aqua Protheriacalis, signifies a water for Treacle, so then if you put Diascoridum to it, it is a water for Diascoridum; well then, we will take it for a general water for all physick. Take a Capon the guts being pulled out, cut in pieces, the fat being taken away, boiled in a sufficient quantity of spring-water in a close vessel, take of this broth three pounds. Borrage and Violet-water, of each a pound and a half, white Wine one pound, red rose leaves two drams and an half, the flowers of Borrage, Violets and Bugloss, of each one dram, pieces of bread, hot out of the oven, half a pound, Cinnamon bruised, half an ounce, distil it in a glass still according to art. The simples are most of them appropriated to the heart, and in truth the composition greatly nourishes and strengthens such as are in consumptions, and restores lost strength, either by fevers or other sickness: It is a sovereign remedy for hectic fevers, and Marasmos, which is nothing else but a consumption coming from them. Let such as are subject to these diseases, hold it for a jewel. Take of the juice of Ground Ivy, Colt’s-foot, Scabious, Lungwort, of each one pound and a half, the juice of Purslain, Plantain, Ambrosia, Paul’s Bettony, of each a pound, Hog’s blood, white Wine, of each four pounds, Garden Snails, two pound, dried Tobacco leaves eight, powder of Liquorice two ounces, of Elecampane half an ounce, of Orris an ounce, Cotton seeds an ounce and a half, the greater cold seeds, Annis seeds of each six drams, Saffron one dram, the flowers of red Roses, six pugils, of Violets and Borrage, of each four pugils, steep them three days warm, and then distil them in a glass still, in sand. It purges the lungs of flegm and helps consumptions there. If you should happen to live where no better nor readier medicine can be gotten, you may use this. Take of the juice of Goat’s Rue, Sorrel, Scordium, Citrons, of each one pound, London Treacle, half a pound, steep it three days, and distil it in sand. A tasterful taken in the morning, preserves from ill airs. Take of Sugar Candy a pound, Canary Wine six ounces, Rose Water four ounces; boil it well into a Syrup, and add to it Imperial water two pounds, Ambergreese, Musk, of each eighteen grains, Saffron fifteen grains, yellow Sanders infused in Imperial water, two drams; make a clear water of it. Take of red Poppies four pounds, sprinkle them with white Wine two pounds, then distil them in a common still, let the distilled water be poured upon fresh flowers and repeated three times; to which distilled water add two Nutmegs sliced, red Poppy flowers a pugil, Sugar two ounces, set it in the sun to give it a pleasing sharpness; if the sharpness be more than you would have it, put some of the same water to it which was not set in the sun. Take of green Walnuts a pound and an half, Radish roots one pound, green Asarabacca six ounces, Radish seeds, six ounces. Let all of them, being bruised, be steeped in three pounds of white Wine for three days, then distilled in a leaden still till they be dry. Take two drams of Saffron, eight ounces of Treacle water, digest them six days, then strain it. See the virtues of Treacle water, and then know that this strengthens the heart something more, and keeps melancholy vapours thence by drinking a spoonful of it every morning. Take of Castoreum in powder half an ounce, spirit of Castoreum half a pound, digest them ten days cold, strain it, and keep the Liquor for Tincture. A learned invention! ’Tis something more prevalent than the spirit. Take of ripe Wood-strawberries two pounds, put them in a phial, and put so much small spirits of Wine to them, that it may overtop them the thickness of four fingers, stop the vessel close, and set it in the sun two days, then strain it, and press it but gently; pour this spirit to as many fresh Strawberries, repeat this six times, at last keep the clear liquor for your use. A fine thing for Gentlemen that have nothing else to do with their money, and it will have a lovely look to please their eyes. Take of the leaves of Scordium gathered in a dry time, half a pound, digest them in six pounds of small spirits of Wine, in a vessel well stopped, for three days, press them out gently, and repeat the infusion three times, and keep the clarified liquor for use. So is made Tincture of Celandine, Rest-harrow, and Rosa-solis. See the herbs for the virtues, and then take notice that these are better for cold stomachs, old bodies. Take of Canary Wine often times distilled, Vinegar in which half an ounce of Rue seeds have been boiled, two pounds choice treacle, the best Mithridate, of each half a pound; mix them and set them in the sun, or heat of a bath, digest them, and keep the water for use. Take of bruised Cinnamon two ounces, rectified spirits of Wine two pounds, infuse them four days in a large glass stopped with cork and bladder, shake it twice a day, then dissolve half a pound of Sugar Candy by itself in two pounds of Rose water, mix both liquors, into which hang a nodule containing, Ambergris half a scruple, Musk four grains. Take of Verdigris, half an ounce, Auripigmentum six drams, Alum three drams, boil them in a pound of white Wine till half be consumed, adding, after it is cold, the water of red Roses, and Nightshade, of each six ounces. This was made to cleanse ulcers, but I fancy it not. Take of Plantain and red Rose water, of each a pound, roch Alum and Sublimatum, of each two drams; let the Alum and Sublimatum, being in powder, boil in the waters, in a vessel with a narrow mouth till half be consumed, when it has stood five days, strain it. Take a handful of dried Wormwood, for every gallon of Wine, stop it in a vessel close, and so let it remain in steep: so is prepared wine of Rosemary flowers, and Eye-bright. It helps cold stomachs, breaks wind, helps the wind cholic, strengthens the stomach, kills worms, and helps the green sickness. Rosemary-flower Wine, is made after the same manner. It is good against all cold diseases of the head, consumes flegm, strengthens the gums and teeth. Eye-bright Wine is made after the same manner. It wonderfully clears the sight being drank, and revives the sight of elderly men: A cup of it in the morning is worth a pair of spectacles. All other Wines are prepared in the same manner. The best way of taking any of these Wines is, to drink a draught of them every morning. You may, if you find your body old or cold, make Wine of any other herb, the virtues of which you desire; and make it and take it in the same manner. Take a gallon of Black Cherries, keep it in a vessel close stopped till it begin to work, then filter it, and an ounce of Sugar being added to every pound, let pass through Hippocrates’ sleeve, and keep in a vessel close stopped for use. Take of white Hellebore cut small, four ounces, Spanish Wine two pounds, steep it in the sun in a phial close stopped, in the dog days, or other hot weather. Take of Stibium, in powder, one ounce, Cloves sliced two drams, Claret Wine two pounds, keep it in a phial close shut. Take of Crocus Metallorum, in powder, one ounce, Mace one dram, Spanish Wine one pound and an half, steep it. Take of Regulus of Antimony, in powder, four ounces, steep it in three pounds of white Wine in a glass well stopped, after the first shaking let the Regulus settle. These last mentioned are vomits, and vomits are fitting medicines for but a few, the mouth being ordained to take in nourishment, not to cast out excrements, and to regulate a man’s body in vomiting; and doses of vomits require a deeper study in physic, than I doubt the generality of people yet have; I omit it therefore at this time, not because I grudge it my country, but because I would not willingly have them do themselves a mischief, I shall shortly teach them in what diseases vomits may be used, and then, and not till then, the use of vomits. Take of a white Squill of the mountains, gathered about the rising of the dog star, cut it in thin pieces, and dried for a month, one pound, put it in a glass bottle, and pour to it eight pounds of French Wine, and when it hath stood so four days, take out the Squill. The virtues of this are the same with Vinegar of Squills, only it is hotter. Fill a glass or stone alembick with the best Vinegar to the third part, separate the flegm with a gentle fire, then encrease the fire by degrees, and perform the work. Take of red Rose buds, gathered in a dry time, the whites cut off, dried in the shade three or four days, one pound, Vinegar eight sextaries, set them in the sun forty days, then strain out the Roses, and repeat the infusion with fresh ones. After the same manner is made Vinegar of Elder flowers, Rosemary flowers, and Clove-gilliflowers. For the virtues of all Vinegars, take this one only observation, They carry the same virtues with the flowers whereof they are made, only as we said of Wines, that they were better for cold bodies then the bare simples whereof they are made; so are Vinegars for hot bodies. Besides, Vinegars are often, nay, most commonly used externally, viz. to bathe the place, then look amongst the simples, and see what place of the body the simple is appropriated to, and you cannot but know both what Vinegar to use, and to what place to apply it. Take of that part of the Squill which is between the outward bark and the bottom, cut in thin slices, and placed thirty or forty days in the sun or some remiss heat, then a pound of them (being cut small with a knife made of ivory or some white wood) being put in a vessel, and six pounds of Vinegar put to them; set the vessel, being close stopped, in the sun thirty or forty days, afterwards strain it, and keep it for use. A little of this medicine being taken in the morning fasting, and walking half an hour after, preserves the body in health, to extreme old age, (as Sanius tried, who using no other medicine but this, lived in perfect health till one hundred and seventeen years of age) it makes the digestion good, a long wind, a clear voice, an acute sight, a good colour, it suffers no offensive thing to remain in the body, neither wind, flegm, choler, melancholy, dung, nor urine, but brings them forth; it brings forth filth though it lie in the bones, it takes away salt and sour belchings, though a man be never so licentious in diet, he shall feel no harm: It hath cured such as have the phthisic, that have been given over by all Physicians: It cures such as have the falling sickness, gouts, and diseases and swellings of the joints: It takes away the hardness of the liver and spleen. We should never have done if we should reckon up the particular benefits of this medicine: Therefore we commend it as a wholesome medicine for soundness of body, preservation of health, and vigour of mind. Take of the roots of Celandine the greater, one ounce and a half: the roots of Angelica, Masterwort, Gentian, Bistort, Valerian, Burnet, white Dittany, Elecampane, Zedoary, of each one dram, of Plantain the greater one dram and a half, the leaves of Mousear, Sage, Scabious, Scordium, Dittany of Crete, Carduus, of each half an handful, barks and seeds of Citrons, of each half a dram, Bole Amoniac one dram, Saffron three drams, of these let the Saffron, Hart’s-horn, Dittany, and Bole, be tied up in a rag, and steeped with the things before mentioned, in five pints of Vinegar, for certain days by a temperate heat in a glass well stopped, strain it, and add six drams of the best Treacle to it, shake it together, and keep it for your use. Add to the description of Treacle water, Clove-gilliflowers two ounces, Lavender flowers an ounce and a half, Rose, and Elder flower Vinegar, of each four pounds, digest it without boiling, three days, then strain it through Hippocrates’ sleeve. See Treacle Water for the virtues, only this is more cool, a little more fantastical. Take of Mallows, Violets, Pellitory, Beets, and Mercury, Chamomel flowers, of each one handful, sweet Fennel seeds half an ounce, Linseeds two drams, boil them in a sufficient quantity of common water to a pound. This is the common decoction for all clysters, according to the quality of the humour abounding, so you may add what Simples, or Syrups, or Electuaries you please; only half a score Linseeds, and a handful of Chamomel flowers are added. Take of Myrobalans, Chebs, and Inds, of each half an ounce, Stœchas, Raisins of the sun stoned, Epithimum, Senna, of each one ounce, Fumitory half an ounce, Maudlin five drams, Polipodium six drams, Turbith half an ounce, Whey made with Goat’s milk, or Heifer’s milk four pounds, let them all boil to two pounds, the Epithimum excepted, which boil but a second or two, then take it from the fire, and add black Hellebore one dram and an half, Agerick half a dram, Fossil Salt one dram and an half, steep them ten hours, then press it strongly out. It purges melancholy, as also choler, it resists madness, and all diseases coming of melancholy, and therefore let melancholy people esteem it as a jewel. Take of Senna two ounces, Pollipodium half an ounce, Ginger one dram, Raisins of the sun stoned two ounces, Sebestens, Prunes, of each twelve, the flowers of Borrage, Violets, Roses, and Rosemary, of each two drams, boil them in four pounds of water till half be consumed. It is a common Decoction for any purge, by adding other simples or compounds to it, according to the quality of the humour you would have purged, yet, in itself, it chiefly purges melancholy. Take of Raisins of the sun stoned, an ounce, Sebestens, Jujubes, of each fifteen, Dates six, Figs four, French Barley one ounce, Liquorice half an ounce, Maiden-hair, Hyssop, Scabious, Colt’s-foot, of each one handful, boil them in three pounds of water till two remain. The medicine is chiefly appropriated to the lungs, and therefore causes a clear voice, a long wind, resists coughs, hoarseness, asthmas, et cetera You may drink a quarter of a pint of it every morning, without keeping to any diet, for it purges not. I shall quote some Syrups fitting to be mixed with it, when I come to the Syrups. Take of Agrimony, Mugwort, wild Angelica, St. John’s Wort, Mousear, of each two handfuls, Wormwood half a handful, Southernwood, Bettony, Bugloss, Comfrey the greater and lesser, roots and all, Avens, both sorts of Plantain, Sanicle, Tormentil with the roots, the buds of Barberries and Oak, of each a handful, all these being gathered in May and June and diligently dried, let them be cut and put up in skins or papers against the time of use, then take of the forenamed herbs three handfuls, boil them in four pounds of conduit water and two pounds of white Wine gently till half be consumed, strain it, and a pound of Honey being added to it, let it be scummed and kept for use. If sight of a medicine will do you good, this is as like to do it as any I know. Take of the clarified Juice of common Wormwood, clarified Sugar, of each four pounds, make it into a Syrup according to art. After the same manner, are prepared simple Syrups of Betony, Borrage, Bugloss, Carduus, Chamomel, Succory, Endive, Hedge-mustard, Strawberries, Fumitory, Ground Ivy, St. John’s Wort, Hops, Mercury, Mousear, Plantain, Apples, Purslain, Rasberries, Sage, Scabious, Scordium, Houseleek, Colt’s-foot, Paul’s Bettony, and other Juices not sour. See the simples, and then you may easily know both their virtues, and also that they are pleasanter and fitter for delicate stomachs when they are made into Syrups. Take of common Wormwood meanly dry, half a pound, red Roses two ounces, Indian Spikenard three drams, old white Wine, juice of Quinces, of each two pounds and an half, steep them a whole day in an earthen vessel, then boil them gently, and strain it, and by adding two pounds of sugar, boil it into a Syrup according to art. Mesue is followed verbatim in this; and the receipt is appropriated to cold and flegmatic stomachs, and it is an admirable remedy for it, for it strengthens both stomach and liver, as also the instruments of concoction, a spoonful taken in the morning, is admirable for such as have a weak digestion, it provokes an appetite to one’s victuals, it prevails against the yellow iaundice, breaks wind, purges humours by urine. Take of clear Water four pounds, white Sugar five pounds, boil them in a glazed vessel over a gentle fire, scumming it till half the water be consumed, then by putting in two pounds of white Wine Vinegar by degrees, perfect the Syrup. That is, only melt the Sugar with the Vinegar over the fire, scum it, but boil it not. Take of white Sugar five pounds, white Wine Vinegar two pounds, by melting it in a bath, make it into a Syrup. Of these two Syrups let every one use which he finds by experience to be best; the difference is but little. They both of them cut flegm, as also tough, hard viscous humours in the stomach; they cool the body, quench thirst, provoke urine, and prepare the stomach before the taking of a vomit. If you take it as a preparative for an emetic, take half an ounce of it when you go to bed the night before you intend it to operate, it will work the easier, but if for any of the foregoing occasions, take it with a liquorice stick. Take of the roots of Smallage, Fennel, Endive, of each three ounces, the seeds of Annis, Smallage, Fennel, of each one ounce, of Endive half an ounce, clear Water six pounds, boil it gently in an earthen vessel till half the water be consumed, then strain and clarify it, and with three pounds of Sugar, and a pound and a half of white Wine Vinegar, boil it into a Syrup. This in my opinion is a gallant Syrup for such whose bodies are stuffed either with flegm, or tough humours, for it opens obstructions or stoppings both of the stomach, liver, spleen, and reins; it cuts and brings away tough flegm and choler, and is therefore a special remedy for such as have a stuffing at their stomach. Take of the seeds of Rue and Hemp, of each half a dram, of Endive, Lettice, Purslain, Gourds, Melons, of each two drams, of Fleawort half an ounce, of Agnus Castus four ounces, the flowers of Water Lilies, the leaves of Mints, of each half a handful, decoction of seeds of Lentils, and Coriander seeds, of each half an ounce, three pounds of the decoction, boil them all over a gentle fire till two pounds be consumed, add to the residue, being strained, two ounces of juice of Lemons, a pound and a half of white sugar, make it into a Syrup according to art. A pretty Syrup, and good for little. Take of roots of Marsh-mallows, two ounces, the roots of Grass Asparagus, Liquorice, Raisins of the Sun stoned, of each half an ounce, the tops of Mallows, Marsh-mallows, Pellitory of the Wall, Burnet, Plantain, Maiden-hair white and black, of each a handful, red Cicers an ounce, of the four greater and four lesser cold seeds, of each three drams, boil them in six pounds of clear Water till four remain, which being strained, boil into a syrup with four pounds of white sugar. It is a fine cooling, opening, slipery Syrup, and chiefly commendable for the cholic, stone, or gravel, in the kidneys or bladder. Take of Maudlin and Cetrach, of each four handfuls, common Wormwood an ounce, the roots of Succory, Sparagus, bark of Caper roots, of each two ounces, after due preparation steep them twenty-four hours in three ounces of white Wine, Radish and Fumitory water, of each two pounds, then boil it away to one pound eight ounces, let it settle, in four ounces of which, whilst it is warm, dissolve by itself Gum Ammoniacum, first dissolved in white Wine Vinegar, two ounces, boil the rest with a pound and an half of white sugar into a Syrup, adding the mixtures of the Gum at the end. It cools the liver, and opens obstructions both of it and the spleen, helps old surfeits, and such like diseases, as scabs, itch, leprosy, and what else proceed from the liver over heated. You may take an ounce at a time. Take of Mugwort two handfuls, Pennyroyal, Calaminth, Origanum, Bawm, Arsmart, Dittany of Crete, Savin, Marjoram, Germander, St. John’s Wort, Camepitis, Featherfew with the flowers, Centaury the less, Rue, Bettony, Bugloss, of each a handful, the roots of Fennel, Smallage, Parsley, Sparagus, Bruscus, Saxifrage, Elecampane, Cypress, Madder, Orris, Peony, of each an ounce, Juniper Berries, the seeds of Lovage, Parsley, Smallage, Annis, Nigella, Carpobalsamum or Cubebs, Costus, Cassia Lignea, Cardamoms, Calamus Aromaticus, the roots of Asarabacca, Pellitory of Spain, Valerian, of each half an ounce, being cleansed, cut, and bruised, let them be infused twenty-four hours in fourteen pounds of clear water, and boiled till half be consumed, being taken off from the fire, and rubbed between your hands whilst it is warm, strain it, and with honey and sugar, of each two pounds, sharp Vinegar four ounces, boil it to a Syrup, and perfume it with Cinnamon and Spikenard, of each three drams. It helps the passion of the matrix, and retains it in its place, it dissolves the coldness, wind, and pains thereof: it strengthens the nerves, opens the pores, corrects the blood, it corrects and provokes the menses. You may take a spoonful of it at a time. Take of Bettony three handfuls, Marjoram four handfuls and a half, Thyme, red Roses, of each a handful, Violets, Stœchas, Sage, of each half a handful, the seeds of Fennel, Annis, and Ammi, of each half an ounce, the roots of Peons, Polypodium, and Fennel, of each five drams, boil them in six pounds of river water, to three pounds, strain it, and add juice of Bettony two pounds, sugar three pounds and a half, make it into a Syrup. It helps diseases coming of cold, both in the head and stomach, as also such as come of wind, vertigos, madness; it concocts melancholy, it provokes the menses, and so doth the simple Syrup more than the compound. Take of the Juice of the leaves of Endive and Smallage, of each two pounds, of Hops and Bugloss, of each one pound, boil them together and scum them, and to the clarified liquor, add four pounds of white sugar, to as much of the juices, and with a gentle fire boil it to a Syrup. Take of the Juices so ordered as in the former, four pounds, in which boil red Roses, two ounces, Liquorice half an ounce, the seeds of Annis, Fennel, and Smallage, of each three drams, Spikenard two drams, strain it, and to the three pounds remaining, add two pounds of Vinegar, four pounds of Sugar, make it into a syrup according to art. They both of them (viz. both Simple and Compound) open stoppings of the stomach, liver, and spleen, help the rickets in children, cut and bring away tough flegm, and help the yellow jaundice. You may take them with a Liquorice stick, or take a spoonful in the morning fasting. Take of Oak of Jerusalem, Hedge-mustard, Nettles, of each two handfuls, Colt’s-foot, one handful and a half, boil them in a sufficient quantity of clear water till half be consumed; to two pounds of the Decoction, add two pounds of the Juice of Turnips baked in an oven in a close pot, and with three pounds of white sugar, boil it into a Syrup. This Syrup was composed against coughs, shortness of breath, and other the like infirmities of the breast proceeding of cold, for which (if you can get it) you may take it with a Liquorice stick. Take of Liquorice two ounces, Maiden-hair five ounces, steep them a natural day in four pounds of warm water, then after gentle boiling, and strong straining, with a pound and a half of fine sugar make it into a Syrup. It opens stoppings of the stomach, strengthens the lungs, and helps the infirmities of them. This may be taken also either with a Liquorice stick, or mixed with the Pectoral Decoction like Syrup of Coltsfoot. Take of Rhenish Wine two pounds, Rose Water two ounces and a half, Cloves two scruples, Cinnamon half a dram, Ginger two scruples, Sugar three ounces and a half, boil it to the consistence of a Julep, adding Ambergris three grains, Musk one grain. If you would have this Julep keep long, you may put in more sugar, and yet if close stopped, it will not easily corrupt because it is made up only of Wine, indeed the wisest way is to order the quantity of sugar according to the palate of him that takes it. It restores such as are in consumptions, comforts the heart, cherishes the drooping spirits, and is of an opening quality, thereby carrying away those vapours which might otherwise annoy the brain and heart: You may take an ounce at a time, or two if you please. Take a pound of Clove-gilliflowers, the whites being cut off, infuse them a whole night in two pounds of water, then with four pounds of sugar melted in it, make it into a Syrup without boiling. This Syrup is a fine temperate Syrup: it strengthens the heart, liver, and stomach; it refreshes the vital spirits, and is a good cordial in fevers; and usually mixed with other cordials, you can hardly err in taking it, it is so harmless a Syrup. Take of Cinnamon grossly bruised, four ounces, steep it in white Wine, and small Cinnamon Water, of each half a pound, three days, in a glass, by a gentle heat; strain it, and with a pound and a half of sugar, boil it gently to a Syrup. It refreshes the vital spirits exceedingly, and cheers both heart and stomach languishing through cold, it helps digestion exceedingly, and strengthens the whole body. You may take a spoonful at a time in a cordial. Thus also you may conveniently prepare Syrups (but only with white Wine,) of Annis seeds, sweet Fennel seeds, Cloves, Nutmegs, Ginger, et cetera Take of the Juice of Citrons, strained without expression, and cleansed, a pound, Sugar two pounds, make it into a Syrup like Syrup of Clove-gilliflowers. It prevails against all diseases proceeding from choler, or heat of blood, fevers, both pestilential, and not pestilential; it resists poison, cools the blood, quenches thirst, cures the vertigo, or dizziness in the head. After the same manner is made Syrups of Grapes, Oranges, Barberries, Cherries, Quinces, Lemons, Woodsorrel, Mulberries, Sorrel, English Currants, and other sour Juices. If you look the simples you may see the virtues of them: they all cool and comfort the heart, and strengthen the stomach, Syrup of Quinces stays vomiting, so doth all Syrup of Grapes. Take of fresh yellow Citron Pills five ounces, the berries of Chermes, or the juice of them brought over to us, two drams, Spring Water four pounds, steep them all night, boil them till half be consumed, taking off the scum, strain it, and with two pounds and a half of sugar boiled it into a Syrup: let half of it be without Musk, but perfume the other half with three grains of Musk tied up in a rag. It strengthens the stomach, resists poison, strengthens the heart, and resists the passions thereof, palpitation, faintings, swoonings; it strengthens the vital spirits, restores such as are in consumptions, and hectic fevers, and strengthens nature much. You may take a spoonful at a time. Take of red Coral in very fine powder four ounces, dissolve it in clarified juice of Barberries in the heat of a bath, a pound, in a glass well stopped with wax and cork, a digestion being made three or four days, pour off what is dissolved, put in fresh clarified juice, and proceed as before, repeat this so often till all the coral be dissolved; lastly, to one pound of this juice add a pound and a half of sugar, and boil it to a Syrup gently. Take of red Coral six ounces, in very fine powder, and levigated upon a marble, add of clarified juice of Lemons, the flegm being drawn off in a bath, sixteen ounces, clarified juice of Barberries, eight ounces, sharp white Wine Vinegar, and juice of Wood-sorrel, of each six ounces, mix them together, and put them in a glass stopped with cork and bladder, shaking it every day till it have digested eight days in a bath, or horse dung, then filter it, of which take a pound and a half, juice of Quinces half a pound, sugar of Roses twelve ounces, make them into a Syrup in a bath, adding Syrup of Clove-gilliflowers sixteen ounces, keep it for use, omitting the half dram of Ambergris, and four grains of Musk till the physician command it. Syrup of Coral both simple and compound, restore such as are in consumptions, are of a gallant cooling nature, especially the last, and very cordial, good for hectic fevers, it stops fluxes, the running of the reins, and the Fluor Albus, helps such as spit blood, and such as have the falling-sickness, it stays the menses. Half a spoonful in the morning is enough. Take of the Juice of Quinces clarified six pounds, boil it over a gentle fire till half of it be consumed, scumming it, adding red Wine three pounds, white sugar four pounds, boil it into a Syrup, to be perfumed with a dram and a half of Cinnamon, Cloves and Ginger, of each two scruples. It strengthens the heart and stomach, stays looseness and vomiting, relieves languishing nature: for looseness, take a spoonful of it before meat, for vomiting after meat, for both, as also for the rest, in the morning. Take of Hedge-mustard, fresh, six handfuls, the roots of Elecampane, Colt’s-foot, Liquorice, of each two ounces, Borrage, Succory, Maiden-hair, of each a handful and a half, the cordial flowers, Rosemary and Bettony, of each half a handful, Annis seeds half an ounce, Raisins of the sun stoned, two ounces, let all of them, being prepared according to art, be boiled in a sufficient quantity of Barley Water and Hydromel, with six ounces of juice of Hedge-mustard to two pounds and a half, the which, with three pounds of sugar, boil it into a Syrup according to art. It was invented against cold afflictions of the breast and lungs, as asthmas, hoarseness, et cetera You may take it either with a Liquorice stick, or which is better, mix an ounce of it with three or four ounces of Pectoral Decoction, and drink it off warm in the morning. Take of Endive, common Wormwood, Hops, Dodder, Hart’s-tongue, of each a handful, Epithimum an ounce and a half, boil them in four pounds of water till half be consumed, strain it, and add the juice of Fumitory a pound and a half, of Borrage and Bugloss, of each half a pound, white sugar four pounds, make them into a Syrup according to art. The receipt is a pretty concocter of melancholy, and therefore a rational help for diseases arising thence, both internal and external, it helps diseases of the skin, as Leprosies, Cancers, Warts, Corns, Itch, Tetters, Ringworms, Scabs, et cetera and it is the better to be liked, because of its gentleness. It helps surfeits exceedingly, cleanses, cools, and strengthens the liver, and causes it to make good blood, and good blood cannot make bad flesh. I commend this receipt to those whose bodies are subject to scabs and itch. If you please you may take two ounces by itself every morning. Take of green Liquorice, scraped and bruised, two ounces, white Maiden-hair an ounce, dryed Hyssop half an ounce, steep these in four pounds of hot water, after twenty-four hours, boil it till half be consumed, strain it, and clarify it, and with Honey, Penids, and Sugar, of each eight ounces, make it into a Syrup, adding, before it be perfectly boiled, red Rose Water six ounces. It cleanses the breast and lungs, and helps continual coughs and pleurisies. You may take it with a Liquorice stick, or add an ounce of it or more to the Pectoral Decoction. Take of white sugar a pound and a half, juice of Pomegranates eight ounces, white Wine Vinegar four ounces, boil it gently into a Syrup. Look the virtues of Pomegranates among the simples. Take eight pounds of Spring Water, half an ounce of Barley, boil it about half an hour, then add the Roots of Smallage, Parsley, Fennel, Liquorice, of each ten drams, Jujubes, Sebestens, of each fifteen, Raisins of the sun stoned, an ounce and a half, Figs, Dates, of each ten, the seeds of Mallows and Quinces, Gum Tragacanth tied up in a rag, of each three drams, Hyssop meanly dryed, ten drams, Maiden-hair six drams, boil them together, yet so, that the roots may precede the fruits, the fruits the seeds, and the seeds the herbs, about a quarter of an hour; at last, five pounds of water being consumed, boil the other three (being first strained and clarified) into a Syrup with two pounds and a half of sugar. It mightily strengthens the breast and lungs, causes long wind, clears the voice, is a good remedy against coughs. Use it like the Syrup of Liquorice. Take of Chamepitys, two handfuls, Sage, Rosemary, Poley Mountain, Origanum, Calaminth, wild Mints, Pennyroyal, Hyssop, Thyme, Rue, garden and wild, Bettony, Mother of Thyme, of each a handful, the roots of Acorns, Birthwort long and round, Briony, Dittany, Gentian, Hog’s Fennel, Valerian, of each half an ounce, the roots of Smallage, Asparagus, Fennel, Parsley, Bruscus, of each an ounce, Pellitory of Spain, an ounce and a half, Stœchas, the seeds of Annis, Ammi, Caraway, Fennel, Lovage, Hartwort, of each three drams, Raisins of the sun two ounces, boil them in ten pounds of water to four, to which add honey and sugar, of each two pounds, make it into a Syrup to be perfumed with Sugar, Nutmegs, and Cubebs, of each three drams. Take of Jujubes, Violets, five drams, Maiden-hair, Liquorice, French Barley, of each an ounce, the seeds of Mallows five drams, the seeds of white Poppies, Melons, Lettice, (seeds of Quinces and Gum Tragacanth tied up in a rag) of each three drams, boil them in six pounds of rain or spring water till half be consumed, strain it, and with two pounds of sugar make it into a Syrup. It is a fine cooling Syrup, very available in coughs, hoarseness, and pleurisies, ulcers of the lungs and bladder, as also in all inflammations whatsoever. You may take a spoonful of it once in three or four hours, or if you please take it with a Liquorice stick. Take of white Poppy heads with their seeds, gathered a little after the flowers are fallen off, and kept three days, eight ounces, black Poppy heads (so ordered) six ounces, rain Water eight pounds, steep them twenty-four hours, then boil and press them gently, boil it to three pounds, and with twenty-four ounces of sugar boil it into a Syrup according to art. Take of white and black Poppy heads with their seeds, fifty drams, Maiden-hair fifteen drams, Jujubes thirty, the seeds of Lettice, forty drams, of Mallows and Quinces tied up in a rag, a dram and a half, Liquorice five drams, water eight pounds, boil it according to art, strain it, and to three pounds of Decoction add Sugar and Penids, of each one pound, make it into a Syrup. Meconium is nothing else but the juice of English Poppies boiled till it be thick: It prevails against dry coughs, phthisicks, hot and sharp gnawing rheums, and provokes sleep. It is an usual fashion for nurses when they have heated their milk by exercise or strong liquor (no marvel then if their children be froward) then run for Syrup of Poppies, to make their young ones sleep. I would fain have that fashion left, therefore I forbear the dose; let nurses keep their own bodies temperate, and their children will sleep well enough, never fear. Take of the Bark of Bugloss roots, an ounce, the roots of white Dittany, Cinquefoil, Scorzonera, of each half an ounce, the leaves of Bawm, Scabious, Devil’s-bit, the flowers of both sorts of Bugloss, and Rosemary, of each a handful, the seeds of Sorrel, Citrons, Fennel, Carduus, Bazil, of each three drams, boil them in four pounds of water till half be consumed, strain it, and add three pounds of white sugar, juice of Bawm and Rose Water, of each half a pound, boil them to a Syrup, the which perfume with Cinnamon and yellow Sanders, of each half an ounce. It is an excellent cordial, and strengthens the heart, breast, and stomach, it resists melancholy, revives the spirits, is given with good success in fevers, it strengthens the memory, and relieves languishing nature. You may take a spoonfull of it at a time. Take of the juices of Quinces sweet and between sweet and sour, the juice of Pomegranates sweet, between sweet and sour, and sour, of each a pound and a half, dried Mints half a pound, red Roses two ounces, let them lie in steep one day, then boil it half away, and with four pounds of sugar boil it into a Syrup according to art: perfume it not unless the Physicians command. The Syrup is in quality binding, yet it comforts the stomach much, helps digestion, stays vomiting, and is as excellent a remedy against sour or offensive belchings, as any is in the Dispensatory. Take a spoonful of it after meat. Take of the seeds of Marsh-mallows, Mallows, Quinces, of each an ounce, Gum Tragacanth three drams, let these infuse six hours in warm Decoction of Mallows, white Poppy seeds, and Winter Cherries, then press out the Mussilage to an ounce and an half, with which, and three ounces of the aforesaid Decoction, and two ounces of sugar, make a Syrup according to art. A spoonful taken by itself, or in any convenient liquor, is excellent for any sharp corroding humours be they in what part of the body soever, phthisicks, bloody-flux, stone in the reins or bladder, or ulcers there: it is excellent good for such as have taken purges that are too strong for their bodies, for by its slippery nature it helps corrosions, and by its cooling helps inflammations. Take of Myrtle Berries two ounces and an half, Sanders white and red, Sumach, Balaustines, Barberry stones, red Roses, of each an ounce and a half, Medlars half a pound, bruise them in eight pounds of water to four, strain it, and add juice of Quinces and sour Pomegranates, of each six ounces, then with three pounds of sugar, boil it into a Syrup. The Syrup is of a very binding, yet comforting nature, it helps such as spit blood, all fluxes of the belly, or corrosions of the internal parts, it strengthens the retentive faculty, and stops immoderate flux of menses. A spoonful at a time is the dose. Take of the whitest of white Water-Lily flowers, a pound, steep them in three pounds of warm water six or seven hours, let them boil a little, and strain them out, put in the same weight of flowers again the second and third time, when you have strained it the last time, add its weight of sugar to it, and boil it to a Syrup. Take of white Water-Lily flowers half a pound, Violets two ounces, Lettice two handfuls, the seeds of Lettice, Purslain, and Gourds, of each half an ounce, boil them in four pounds of clear water till one be consumed, strain it, and add half a pound of red Rose water, white sugar four pounds, boil it into a Syrup according to art. They are both fine cooling Syrups, allay the heat of choler, and provoke sleep, they cool the body, both head, heart, liver, reins, and matrix, and therefore are profitable for hot diseases in either, you may take an ounce of it at a time when your stomach is empty. Take of the fresh flowers of red Poppies two pounds, steep them in four pounds of warm spring water, the next day strain it, and boil it into a Syrup with its equal weight in sugar. The Syrup cools the blood, helps surfeits, and may safely be given in frenzies, fevers, and hot agues. Take of Mousear three handfuls, the roots of Lady’s-mantle an ounce and an half, the roots of Comfrey the greater, Madder, white Dittany, Tormentil, Bistort, of each an ounce, the leaves of Wintergreen, Horsetail, Ground Ivy, Plantain, Adder’s Tongue, Strawberries, St. John’s Wort with the flowers, Golden Rod, Agrimony, Bettony, Burnet, Avens, Cinquefoil the greater, red Coleworts, Balaustines, red Roses, of each a handful, boil them gently in six pounds of Plantain Water to three, then strain it strongly, and when it is settled, add Gum Tragacanth, the seeds of Fleawort, Marsh-mallows and Quinces, made into a Mussilage by themselves in Strawberry and Bettony Water, of each three ounces, white sugar two pounds, boil it to the thickness of honey. It is drying and healing, and therefore good for ruptures. It is prepared in the same manner as Syrup of Clove-gilliflowers. Take of the Roots of both sorts of Peony taken up at the full Moon, cut in slices, and steeped in white Wine a whole day, of each an ounce and an half, Contra Yerva half an ounce, Siler Mountain six drams, Elk’s Claws an ounce, Rosemary with the flowers on, one handful, Bettony, Hyssop, Origanum, Chamepitys, Rue, of each three drams, Wood of Aloes, Cloves, Cardamoms the less, of each two drams, Ginger, Spikenard, of each a dram, Stœchas, Nutmegs, of each two drams and an half, boil them after one day’s warm digestion, in a sufficient quantity of distilled water of Peony roots, to four pounds, in which (being strained through Hippocrates’ sleeve) put four pounds and an half of white sugar, and boil it to a Syrup. It helps the falling-sickness, and convulsions. Take four pounds of the juice of sweet scented Apples, the juice of Bugloss, garden and wild, of Violet leaves, Rose Water, of each a pound, boil them together, and clarify them, and with six pounds of pure sugar, boil it into a Syrup according to art. It is a fine cooling Syrup for such whose stomachs are overpressed with heat, and may safely be given in fevers, for it rather loosens than binds: it breeds good blood, and is profitable in hectic fevers, and for such as are troubled with palpitation of the heart, it quenches thirst admirably in fevers, and stays hiccoughs. You may take an ounce of it at a time in the morning, or when you need. Take of white Horehound fresh, two ounces, Liquorice, Polipodium of the Oak, Fennel, and Smallage roots, of each half an ounce, white Maiden-hair, Origanum, Hyssop, Calaminth, Thyme, Savory, Scabious, Colt’s-foot, of each six drams, the seeds of Annis and Cotton, of each three drams, Raisins of the sun stoned two ounces, fat Figs ten, boil them in eight pounds of Hydromel till half be consumed, boil the Decoction into a Syrup with honey and sugar, of each two pounds, and perfume it with an ounce of the roots of Orris Florentine. It is appropriated to the breast and lungs, and is a fine cleanser to purge them from thick and putrified flegm, it helps phthisicks and coughs, and diseases subject to old men, and cold natures. Take it with a Liquorice stick. Take of the roots of Smallage, Fennel, Parsley, Bruscus, Sparagus of each two ounces, spring Water, six pounds, boil away the third part, and make a Syrup with the rest according to art, with three pounds of sugar, adding eight ounces of white Wine Vinegar, towards the latter end. It cleanses and opens very well, is profitable against obstructions, provokes urine, cleanses the body of flegm, and is safely and profitably given in the beginning of fevers. An ounce at a time upon an empty stomach is a good dose. Take of garden and wild Radish roots, of each an ounce, the roots of white Saxifrage, Lovage, Bruscus, Eringo, Rest-harrow, Parsley, Fennel, of each half an ounce, the leaves of Bettony, Burnet, Pennyroyal, Nettles, Water-cresses, Samphire, Maiden-hair, of each one handful, Winter Cherries, Jujubes, of each ten, the seeds of Bazil, Bur, Parsley of Macedonia, Hartwort, Carraway, Carrots, Gromwell, the bark of the root of Bay-tree, of each two drams, Raisins of the sun stoned, Liquorice, of each six drams, boil them in twelve pounds of water to eight, strain it, and with four pounds of sugar, and two pounds of honey, make it into a Syrup, and perfume it with an ounce of Cinnamon, and half an ounce of Nutmegs. A tedious long medicine for the stone. Boil four pounds of Rose-water, and one pound of white Sugar into a Julep. Julep of Roses is made with Damask Rose water, in the very same manner. Two fine cooling drinks in the heat of summer. Make four pounds of spring water hot, in which infuse a pound of dried Roses, by some at a time, press them out and with two pounds of sugar, boil it into a Syrup according to art. Syrup of dried Roses, strengthens the heart, comforts the spirits, binds the body, helps fluxes, and corrosions, or gnawings of the bowels, it strengthens the stomach, and stays vomiting. You may take an ounce at a time, before meat, if for fluxes; after meat if for vomiting. Take of the roots of Elecampane, and Polypodium of the Oak, of each two ounces, Raisins of the sun stoned an ounce, Sebestens twenty, Colt’s-foot, Lungwort, Savory, Calaminth, of each a handful and an half, Liquorice, Spanish Tobacco, of each half an ounce, the seeds of Nettles and Cotton, of each three drams, boil them all (the roots being infused in white Wine the day before) in a sufficient quantity of Wine and Water to eight ounces, strain it, and adding four ounces of the Juice of Scabious, and ten ounces of sugar, boil it to a Syrup, adding to it twenty drops of oil of sulphur. It is a cleansing Syrup appropriated to the breast and lungs, when you perceive them oppressed by flegm, crudites, or stoppings, your remedy is to take now and then a spoonful of this Syrup, it is taken also with good success by such as are itchy, or scabby. Take of Hart’s-tongue three handfuls, Polypodium of the Oak, the roots of both sorts of Bugloss, bark of the roots of Capers and Tamerisk, of each two ounces, Hops, Dodder, Maiden-hair, Bawm, of each two handfuls, boil them in nine pounds of Spring water to five, and strain it, and with four pounds of white sugar, make it into a Syrup according to art. It helps the stoppings of melancholy, opens obstructions of the liver and spleen, and is profitable against splenetic evils, and therefore is a choice remedy for the disease which the vulgar call the rickets, or liver-grown: A spoonful in a morning is a precious remedy for children troubled with that disease. Men that are troubled with the spleen, which is known by pain and hardness in their left side, may take three or four spoonfuls, they shall find this one receipt worth the price of the whole book. Take of Stœchas flowers four ounces, Rosemary flowers half an ounce, Thyme, Calaminth, Origanum, of each an ounce and an half, Sage, Bettony, of each half an ounce, the seeds of Rue, Peony, and Fennel, of each three drams, spring water ten pounds, boil it till half be consumed, and with honey and sugar, of each two pounds, boil it into a Syrup, which perfume with Cinnamon, Ginger, and Calmas Aromaticus, of each two drams tied up in a rag. Take of roots and tops of Comfrey, the greater and lesser, of each three handfuls, red Roses, Bettony, Plantain, Burnet, Knot grass, Scabious, Colt’s foot, of each two handfuls, press the juice out of them all, being green and bruised, boil it, scum it, and strain it, add its weight of sugar to it that it may be made into a Syrup, according to art. The Syrup is excellent for all inward wounds and bruises, excoriations, vomitings, spittings, or evacuation of blood, it unites broken bones, helps ruptures, and stops the menses: You cannot err in taking of it. Take of Violet flowers fresh and picked, a pound, clear water made boiling hot, two pounds, shut them up close together into a new glazed pot, a whole day, then press them hard out, and in two pounds of the liquor dissolve four pounds and three ounces of white sugar, take away the scum, and so make it into a Syrup without boiling. Syrup of the juice of Violets, is made with its double weight of sugar, like the former. This Syrup cools and moistens, and that very gently, it corrects the sharpness of choler, and gives ease in hot vices of the breast, it quenches thirst in acute fevers, and resist the heat of the disease; it comforts hot stomachs exceedingly, cools the liver and heart, and resists putrefaction, pestilence, and poison. Julep of Violets is made of the water of Violet flowers and sugar, like Julep of Roses. It is cooling and pleasant. Take of whole Barley, the roots of Smallage, Fennel, and Sparagus, of each two ounces, Succory, Dandelyon, Endive, smooth Sow-thistles, of each two handfuls, Lettuce, Liverwort, Fumitory, tops of Hops, of each one handful, Maiden-hair, white and black, Cetrachs, Liquorice, winter Cherries, Dodder, of each six drams, to boil these take sixteen pounds of spring water, strain the liquor, and boil in it six pounds of white sugar, adding towards the end six ounces of Rhubarb, six drams of Spikenard, bound up in a thin slack rag the which crush often in boiling, and so make it into a Syrup according to art. It cleanses the body of venemous humours, as boils, carbuncles, and the like; it prevails against pestilential fevers, it strengthens the heart and nutritive virtue, purges by stool and urine, it makes a man have a good stomach to his meat, and provokes sleep. But by my author’s leave, I never accounted purges to be proper physic in pestilential fevers; this I believe, the Syrup cleanses the liver well, and is exceeding good for such as are troubled with hypocondriac melancholy. The strong may take two ounces at a time, the weak, one, or you may mix an ounce of it with the Decoction of Senna. Take of Epithimum twenty drams, Mirobalans, Citron, and Indian of each fifteen drams, Emblicks, Belloricks, Polypodium, Liquorice, Agrick, Thyme, Calaminth, Bugloss, Stœchas of each six drams, Dodder, Fumitory, of each ten drams, red Roses, Annis-seeds and sweet Fennel seeds of each two drams and an half, sweet Prunes ten, Raisins of the sun stoned four ounces, Tamarinds two ounces and an half, after twenty-four hours infusion in ten pints of spring water, boil it away to six, then take it from the fire and strain it, and with five pounds of fine sugar boil it into Syrup according to art. It is best to put in the Dodder, Stœchas and Agarick, towards the latter end of the Decoction. It purges melancholy, and other humours, it strengthens the stomach and liver, cleanses the body of addust choler and addust blood, as also of salt humours, and helps diseases proceeding from these, as scabs, itch, tetters, ringworms, leprosy, et cetera A man may take two ounces at a time, or add one ounce to the Decoction of Epithimum. Take of fresh Peach-flowers a pound, steep them a whole day in three pounds of warm water, then boil a little and strain it out, repeat this infusion five times in the same liquor, in three pounds of which dissolve two pounds and an half of sugar and boil it into a Syrup. It is a gentle purger of choler, and may be given even in fevers to draw away the sharp choleric humours. Take of the juice of sweet smelling Apples two pounds, the juice of Borrage and Bugloss of each one pound and an half, Senna two ounces, Annis seeds half an ounce, Saffron one dram, let the Senna be steeped in the juices twenty-four hours, and after a boil or two strain it, and with two pounds of white sugar boil it to a Syrup according to art, the saffron being tied up in a rag, and often crushed in the boiling. The Syrup is a cooling purge, and tends to rectify the distempers of the blood, it purges choler and melancholy, and therefore must needs be effectual both in yellow and black jaundice, madness, scurf, leprosy, and scabs, it is very gentle. The dose is from one ounce to three, according as the body is in age and strength. An ounce of it in the morning is excellent for such children as break out in scabs. Take of the Juice and Water of Apples of each a pound and an half, the Juice and Water of Borrage and Bugloss of each nine ounces, Senna half a pound, Annis seeds, and sweet Fennel seeds, of each three drams, Epithimum of Crete, two ounces, Agarick, Rhubarb, of each half an ounce, Ginger, Mace, of each four scruples, Cinnamon two scruples, Saffron half a dram, infuse the Rhubarb and Cinnamon apart by itself, in white Wine and Juice of Apples, of each two ounces, let all the rest, the Saffron excepted, be steeped in the Waters above mentioned, and the next day put in the juices, which being boiled, scummed, and strained, then with four ounces of white sugar boil it into a Syrup, crushing the saffron in it being tied up in a linen rag, the infusion of the Rhubarb being added at the latter end. Out of doubt this is a gallant Syrup to purge choler and melancholy, and to resist madness. Take of the best Rhubarb and Senna of each two ounces and an half, Violet flowers a handful, Cinnamon one dram and an half, Ginger half a dram, Bettony, Succory and Bugloss Water of each one pound and an half, let them be mixed together warm all night, and in the morning strained and boiled into a Syrup, with two pounds of white sugar, adding towards the end four ounces of Syrup of Roses. It cleanses choler and melancholy very gently, and is therefore fit for children, old people, and weak bodies. You may add an ounce of it to the Decoction of Epithimum or to the Decoction of Senna. Take of Spring Water boiling hot four pounds, Damask Rose leaves fresh, as many as the water will contain; let them remain twelve hours in infusion, close stopped; then press them out and put in fresh Rose leaves; do so nine times in the same liquor, encreasing the quantity of the Roses as the liquor encreases, which will be almost by the third part every time: Take six parts of this liquor, and with four parts of white sugar, boil it to a Syrup according to art. It loosens the belly, and gently brings out choler and flegm, but leaves a binding quality behind it. It is prepared without steeping, only with the juice of Damask Roses pressed out, and clarified, and an equal proportion of sugar added to it. This is like the other. Take of Agarick cut thin an ounce, Ginger two drams, Fossil Salt one dram, Polipodium bruised two ounces, sprinkle them with white Wine and steep them two days over warm ashes, in a pound and an half of the infusion of Damask Roses prescribed before, and with one pound of sugar boil it into a Syrup according to art. It purges flegm from the head, relieves the senses oppressed by it, provokes the menses, purges the stomach and liver, and provokes urine. Take of the bark of all the Myrobalans, of each four ounces, bruise them grossly, and steep them twenty-four hours in twelve pounds of the infusion of Roses before spoken, Senna, Epithimum, Polypodium of the Oak, of each four ounces, Cloves an ounce, Citron seeds, Liquorice, of each four ounces, the bark of black Hellebore roots six drams, let the fourth part of the liquor gently exhale, strain it, and with five pounds of sugar, and sixteen drams of Rhubarb tied up in a linen rag, make it into a Syrup according to art. The Syrup, rightly used, purges melancholy, resists madness. Take of Senna six ounces, Caraway, and sweet Fennel seeds, of each three drams, sprinkle them with white Wine, and infuse them two days in three pounds of the infusion of Roses aforesaid, then strain it, and with two pounds of sugar boil it into a Syrup. It purges the body of choler and melancholy, and expels the relics a disease hath left behind it; the dose is from one ounce to two, you may take it in a Decoction of Senna, it leaves a binding quality behind it. Take of the berries of Purging Thorn, gathered in September, as many as you will, bruise them in a stone mortar, and press out the juice, let the fourth part of it evaporate away in a bath, then to two pounds of it add sixteen ounces of white sugar, boil it into a Syrup, which perfume with Mastich, Cinnamon, Nutmegs, Anni-seeds in fine powder, of each three drams. Take of fresh Rosemary flowers a pound, clarified Honey three pounds, mix them in a glass with a narrow mouth, set them in the sun, keep them for use. It hath the same virtues with Rosemary flowers, to which I refer you, only by reason of the Honey it may be somewhat cleansing. Take of white Hellebore roots bruised a pound, clear Water fourteen pounds, after three days infusion, boil it till half be consumed, then strain it diligently, and with three pounds of Honey, boil it to the thickness of Honey. Boil three pounds of the juice of Mercury, with two pounds of Honey to the thickness of Honey. It is used as an emollient in clysters. Take of the juice of Mulberries and Blackberries, before they be ripe, gathered before the sun be up, of each a pound and a half, Honey two pounds, boil them to their due thickness. It is vulgarly known to be good for sore mouths, as also to cool inflammations there. Take of the juice of the outward bark of green Walnuts, gathered in the dog days two pounds, boil it gently till it be thick, and with one pound of Honey, boil it to the thickness of Honey. It is a good preservative in pestilential times, a spoonful being taken as soon as you are up. Take of Raisins of the sun cleansed from the stones two pounds, steep them in six pounds of warm water, the next day boil it half away, and press it strongly, and with two pounds of Honey, let the expressed liquor boil to its thickness. It is a pretty pleasing medicine for such as are in consumptions, and are bound in body. Take of red Roses not quite open two pounds, Honey six pounds, set them in the sun according to art. Take of the best clarified Honey ten pounds, juice of fresh red Roses one pound, set it handsomely over the fire, and when it begins to boil, put in four pounds of fresh red Roses, the whites being cut off; the juice being consumed by boiling and stirring, strain it and keep it for use. They are both used for diseases in the mouth. Take of the often infusion of Damask Roses five pounds, Honey rightly clarified four pounds, boil it to the thickness of Honey. It is used as a laxative in clysters, and some use it to cleanse wounds. After the same manner is prepared Honey of the infusion of red Roses. Take one Squil full of juice, cut in bits, and put it in a glass vessel, the mouth close stopped, and covered with a skin, set in the sun forty days, to wit, twenty before and after the rising of the dog star, then open the vessel, and take the juice which lies at the bottom, and preserve it with the best Honey. Honey of Violets is prepared like as Honey of Roses. Take of the best Honey four pounds, clear Water and white Wine Vinegar, of each two pounds, boil them in an earthen vessel, taking the scum off with a wooden scummer, till it be come to the consistence of a Syrup. It cuts flegm, and it is a good preparative against a vomit. Take of the Bark of the Root of Fennel, Smallage, Parsley, Bruscus, Asparagus, of each two ounces, the seeds of Fennel, Smallage, Parsley, Annis, of each one ounce, steep them all (the roots being first cleansed and the seeds bruised) in six pounds of clear Water and a pound and a half of Wine Vinegar, the next day boil it to the consumption of the third part, boil the rest being strained, with three pounds of Honey into a liquid Syrup according to art. First having bruised the roots and seeds, boil them in the water till half be consumed, then strain it and add the Honey, and when it is almost boiled enough, add the Vinegar. Take of Rue, Thyme, Dittany of Crete, Hyssop, Pennyroyal, Horehound, Carduus, the roots of Celtick, Spikenard without leaves, the inner bark of Elders, of each a handful, Mountain Calaminth two pugils, the seeds of Annis, Fennel, Bazil, Roman Nettles, Dill, of each two drams, the roots of Angelica, Marsh-mallows, Aron, Squills prepared, Birthwort, long, round, and climbing, Turbith, English Orris, Costus, Polypodium, Lemon pills, of each an ounce, the strings of black Hellebore, Spurge, Agerick, added at the end of the Decoction, of each two drams, the bark of white Hellebore half an ounce, let all of them being dried and bruised, be digested in a glass, or glazed vessel close stopped, in the heat of the sun, or of a furnace, Posca, made of equal parts of Water and Vinegar, eight pounds, Sapa two ounces, three days being expired, boil it little more than half away, strain it, pressing it gently, and add to the liquor a pound and a half of Honey Roses, wherein two ounces of Citron pills have been infused, boil it to the thickness of Honey, and perfume it with Cloves, Saffron, Ginger, Galanga, Mace, of each a dram. Take of the Bark of Caper roots, the roots of Orris, Fennel, Parsley, Bruscus, Chicory, Sparagus, Cypress, of each half an ounce, the leaves of Harts-tongue, Schænanth, Tamarisk, of each half a handful, sweet Fennel seed half an ounce, infuse them in three pounds of Posca, which is something sour, afterwards boil it till half be consumed, strain it, and with Honey and sugar clarified, of each half a pound, boil it to the thickness of Honey. This medicine is very opening, very good against Hypocondriac melancholy, and as fit a medicine as can be for that disease in children called the Rickets. Oxymel of Squills simple, is made of three pounds of clarified Honey; Vinegar of Squills two pounds, boil them according to art. It cuts and divides humours that are tough and viscous, and therefore helps the stomach and bowels afflicted by such humours, and sour belchings. If you take but a spoonful in the morning, an able body will think enough. Take of Origanum, dried Hyssop, Thyme, Lovage, Cardamoms the less, Stœchas, of each five drams, boil them in three pounds of Water to one, strain it and with two pounds of Honey, Honey of Raisins half a pound, juice of Briony five ounces, Vinegar of Squills a pound and a half, boil it, and scum it according to art. This is good against the falling-sickness, Megrim, Head-ache, Vertigo, or swimming in the head, and if these be occasioned by the stomach as many times they are, it helps the lungs obstructed by humour, and is good for women not well cleansed after labour, it opens the passage of the womb. Take of the seeds of Purslain grossly bruised, half a pound, of the juice of Endive, boiled and clarified, two pounds, Sugar two pounds, Vinegar nine ounces, infuse the seeds in the juice of Endive twenty-four hours, afterwards boil it half away with a gentle fire, then strain it, and boil it with the sugar to the consistence of a Syrup, adding the Vinegar towards the latter end of the decoction. It is a pretty cooling Syrup, fit for any hot disease incident to the stomach, reins, bladder, matrix, or liver; it thickens flegm, cools the blood, and provokes sleep. You may take an ounce of it at a time when you have occasion. Take six handfuls of green Colt’s-foot, two handfuls of Maiden-hair, one handful of Hyssop, and two ounces of Liquorice, boil them in four pints, either of rain or spring water till the fourth part be consumed, then strain it, and clarify it, to which add three pounds of white sugar, boil it to the perfect consistence of a Syrup. The composition is appropriated to the lungs, and therefore helps the infirmities, weaknesses, or failings thereof as want of voice, difficulty of breathing, coughs, hoarseness, catharrs, et cetera The way of taking it is with a Liquorice-stick, or if you please, you may add an ounce of it to the Pectoral Decoction before mentioned. Take of the heads of white Poppies and black, when both of them are green, of each six ounces, the seeds of Lettice, the flowers of Violets, of each one ounce, boil them in eight pints of water till the virtue is out of the heads; then strain them, and with four pounds of sugar boil the liquor to a Syrup. Take of the heads of both white and black Poppies, seeds and all, of each fifty drams, Maiden-hair, fifteen drams, Liquorice, five drams, Jujubes, thirty by number, Lettice seeds, forty drams, of the seeds of Mallows and Quinces, (tied up in a thin linen cloth) of each one dram and an half, boil these in eight pints of water till five pints be consumed, when you have strained out the three pints remaining, add to them, Penids and white sugar, of each a pound, boil them into a Syrup according to art. All these former Syrups of Poppies provoke sleep, but in that, I desire they may be used with a great deal of caution and wariness: such as these are not fit to be given in the beginning of fevers, nor to such whose bodies are costive, yet to such as are troubled with hot, sharp rheums, you may safely give them: The last is appropriated to the lungs; It prevails against dry coughs, phthisicks, hot and sharp gnawing rheums, and provokes sleep. It is an usual fashion for nurses when they have heated their milk by exercise or strong liquor then run for Syrup of Poppies to make their young ones sleep. I would fain have that fashion left off, therefore I forbear the dose: Let nurses keep their own bodies temperate, and their children will sleep well enough. Take of the Roots of Smallage, Fennel, and Succory, of each two ounces, Liquorice, Schænanth, Dodder, Wormwood, Roses, of each six drams, Maidenhair, Bedeguar, or instead thereof, the roots of Carduus Mariæ, Suchaha or instead thereof the roots of Avens, the flowers or roots of Bugloss, Annis seeds, sweet Fennel seeds, Ageratum, or Maudlin, of each five drams, Rhubarb, Mastich, of each three drams, Spikenard, Indian leaf, or instead of it put Roman spike, of each two drams, boil them in eight pints of Water till the third part be consumed, then strain the Decoction, and with four pounds of sugar, clarified juice of Smallage and Endive, of each half a pound, boil it into a Syrup. It amends infirmities of the liver coming of cold, opens obstructions, helps the dropsy, and evil state of the body; it extenuates gross humours, strengthens the liver, provoake urine, and is a present succour for hypocondriac melancholy. You may take an ounce at a time in the morning, it opens but purges not. Take fifty Emblick Myrobalans, bruise them and boil them in three pints of water till two be consumed, strain it, and with the like weight of Honey, boil it into a Syrup. It is a fine gentle purger both of flegm and melancholy: it strengthens the brain and nerves, and senses both internal and external, helps tremblings of the heart, stays vomiting, provokes appetite. You may take a spoonful at a time. Rob, or Sapa, is the juice of a fruit, made thick by the heat either of the sun, or the fire, that it is capable of being kept safe from putrefaction. Its use was first invented for diseases in the mouth. It is usually made, in respect of body, somewhat thicker than new Honey. It may be kept about a year, little more or less. Take of Wine newly pressed from white and ripe Grapes, boil it over a gentle fire to the thickness of Honey. Whenever you read the word Rob, or Sapa throughout the Dispensatory, simply quoted in any medicine without any relation of what it should be made, this is that you ought to use. Take of the juice of Barberries strained as much as you will, boil it by itself (or else by adding half a pound of sugar to each pound of juice) to the thickness of Honey. It quenches thirst, closes the mouth of the stomach, thereby staying vomiting, and belching, it strengthens stomachs weakened by heat, and procures appetite. Of any of these Robs you may take a little on the point of a knife when you need. Take of the juice of red Cherries somewhat sowerish, as much as you will, and with half their weight in sugar boil them like the former. See the virtue of Cherries, and there you have a method to keep them all the year. Take of the juice of Cornels two pounds, sugar a pound and an half, boil it according to art. Of those Cornel trees are two sorts, male and female, the fruit of the male Cornel, or Cornelian Cherry is here to be used. The fruit of male Cornel, binds exceedingly, and therefore good in fluxes, and the immoderate flowing of the menses. Take of the clarified juice of Quinces, boil it till two parts be consumed and with its equal weight in sugar boil it into a Rob. Take of the juice of Quinces clarified twelve pounds, boil it half away, and add to the remainder, old white Wine five pounds, consume the third part over a gentle fire, taking away the scum (all you ought) let the rest settle, and strain it, and with three pounds of sugar boil it according to art. Both are good for weak and indisposed stomachs. Rob of sour Plums is made as Rob of Quinces, the use of sugar is indifferent in them both. Rob of English Currants is made in the same manner, let the juice be clarified. The virtues are the same with Rob of Barberries. Take of the juice of Elder Berries, and make it thick with the help of a gentle fire, either by itself, or a quarter of its weight in sugar being added. Both Rob of Elder Berries, and Dwarf-Elder, are excellent for such whose bodies are inclining to dropsies, neither let them neglect nor despise it. They may take the quantity of a nutmeg each morning, it will gently purge the watery humour. In the same manner is made Rob of Dwarf-Elder, Junipers, and Paul’s Betony, only in the last, the sugar and juice must be equal in weight. Infuse Liquorice Roots cleansed and gently bruised, three days in Spring Water, so much that it may over-top the roots the breadth of three fingers, then boil it a little, and press it hard out, and boil the liquor with a gentle fire to its due thickness. It is vulgarly known to be good against coughs, colds, et cetera and a strengthner of the lungs. Take of the water of tender Oak leaves, of Scabious, of each four pounds, English Liquorice scraped and bruised two pounds, boil them by degrees till they be soft, then press out the liquor strongly in a press, to which add three pounds of juice of Hyssop, and dry it away in the sun in a broad earthen vessel. The virtues are the same with the former. Take of Sloes hardly ripe, press out the juice, and make it thick in a bath. It stops fluxes, and procures appetite. So are the Juices of Wormwood, Maudlin, and Fumitory made thick, to wit, the herbs bruised while they be tender, and the juice pressed out and after it be clarified, boil over the fire to its just thickness. Take of Colts-foot roots cleansed eight ounces, Marsh-mallow roots four ounces cleansed, boil them in a sufficient quantity of water, and press the pulp out through a sieve, dissolve this again in the Decoction, and let it boil once or twice, then take it from the fire, and add two pounds of white sugar, Honey of Raisins fourteen ounces, juice of Liquorice two drams and an half, stir them stoutly with a wooden pestle, mean season sprinkle in Saffron and Cloves, of each a scruple, Cinnamon and Mace, of each two scruples, make them into a Lohoch according to art. It was invented for the cough. Take white Poppy seeds twenty four drams, sweet Almonds blanched in Rose Water, Pine-nuts cleansed, Gum Arabick and Tragacanth, of each ten drams, juice of Liquorice an ounce, Starch three drams, the seeds of Lettuce, Purslain, Quinces, of each half an ounce, Saffron a dram, Penids four ounces, Syrup of Meconium three pounds, make it into a Lohoch according to art. It helps salt, sharp and thin distillations upon the lungs, it allays the fury of such sharp humours, which occasion both roughness of the throat, want of sleep, and fevers; it is excellent for such as are troubled with pleurises to take now and then a little of it. Take of male Peony roots, Liquorice, of each half an ounce, Hyssop, Bawm, Hart’s-tongue, or Cetrach, of each half a handful, boil them in Spring Water, and press them strongly, and by adding a pound of Raisins bruised, boil it again, pressing it through a linen cloth, then with a pound of white sugar, make it into a Lohoch according to art. It is very good against coughs, consumptions of the lungs, and other vices of the breast, and is usually given to children for such diseases, as also for convulsions, and falling-sickness. Take of Pine-nuts, fifteen drams, sweet Almonds, Hazel Nuts gently roasted, Gum Arabick and Tragacanth, powder and juice of Liquorice, white Starch, Maiden-hair, Orris roots, of each two drams, the pulp of Dates seventeen drams, bitter Almonds one dram and an half, Honey of Raisins, white Sugar-candy, fresh Butter, of each two ounces, Honey one pound and an half, dissolve the Gums in so much Decoction of Maiden-hair as is sufficient; let the rest be mixed over a gentle fire, and stirred, that so it may be made into a Lohoch. The medicine is excellent for continual coughs, and difficulty of breathing, it succours such as are asthmatic, for it cuts and atenuates tough humours in the breast. Take of the strained Juice of Purslain two pounds, Troches of Terra Lemnia two drams, Troches of Amber, Gum Arabic, Dragon’s-blood of each one dram, Lapis Hematilis, the wool of a Hare toasted, of each two scruples, white Sugar one pound, mix them together, that so you may make a Lohoch of them. The medicine is so binding that it is better let alone than taken, unless in inward bruises when men spit blood, then you may safely take a little of it. Take of Fox Lungs rightly prepared, juice of Liquorice, Maiden-hair, Annis-seeds, sweet Fennel seeds, of each equal parts, Sugar dissolved in Colt’s-foot, and Scabious Water, and boiled into a Syrup, three times their weight; the rest being in fine powder, let them be put to it and strongly stirred together, that it may be made into a Lohoch according to art. It cleanses and unites ulcers in the lungs and breast, and is a present remedy in phthisicks. Take of dried Hyssop and Calaminth, of each half an ounce, Jujubes, Sebestens, the stones being taken out, fifteen Raisins of the Sun stoned, fat Figs, Dates, of each two ounces, Linseed, Fenugreek seed, of each five drams, Maiden-hair one handful, Annis-seeds, sweet Fennel seeds, Orris Roots cut, Liquorice, Cinnamon, of each an ounce, boil them according to art in four pounds of clear water till half be consumed, and with two pounds of Penids boil it into a Syrup, afterwards cut and bruise very small Pine-nuts five drams, sweet Almonds blanched, Liquorice, Gum Tragacanth and Arabick, white Starch of each three drams, let these be put into the Syrup when it is off the fire, and stir it about swiftly with a wooden pestle till it look white. It succors the breast, lungs, throat, oppressed by cold, it restores the voice lost by reason of cold, and attenuates thick and gross humours in the breast and lungs. Take three drams of a Squil baked in paste, Orris Roots two drams, Hyssop, Hore-hound, of each one dram, Saffron, Myrrh, of each half a dram, Honey two ounces and an half, bruise the Squil, after it is baked, in a stone mortar, and after it hath boiled a walm or two with the Honey, put in the rest of the things in powder, diligently stirring it, and make it into a Lohoch according to art. Take of the juice of Squils and Honey, both of them clarified, of each two pounds, boil them together according to art to the consistence of Honey. For the virtues of it see Vinegar of Squils, and Oximel of Squils, only this is more mild, and not so harsh to the throat, because it hath no Vinegar in it, and therefore is far more fitting for Asthmaes, and such as are troubled with difficulty of breathing, it cuts and carries away humours from the breast, be they thick or thin, and wonderfully helps indigestion of victuals, and eases pains in the breast, and for this, I quote the authority of Galen. Take one pound of the juice of Coleworts, clarified Saffron three drams, clarified Honey, and Sugar, of each half a pound, make of them a Lohoch according to art. It helps hoarseness, and loss of voice, eases surfeits and head-ache coming of drunkenness, and opens obstructions of the liver and spleen, and therefore is good for that disease in children called the rickets. Take of Eringo Roots as many as you will, cleanse them without and within, the pith being taken out, steep them two days in clear water, shifting the water sometimes, then dry them with a cloth, then take their equal weight in white Sugar, and as much Rose-water as will make it into a Syrup, which being almost boiled, put in the roots, and let them boil until the moisture be consumed, and let it be brought to the due body of a Syrup. Not much unlike to this are preserved the roots of Acorus, Angelica, Borrage, Bugloss, Succory, Elecampane, Burnet, Satyrion, Sicers, Comfrey the greater, Ginger, Zedoary. Take of the stalks of Artichokes, not too ripe, as many as you will, and (contrary to the roots) take only the pith of these, and preserve them with their equal weight in sugar, like the former. So is prepared the stalks of Angelica, Burs, Lettuce, et cetera before they be too ripe. Take of fresh Orange pills as many as you will, take away the exterior yellowness, and steep them in spring water three days at the least, often renewing the water, then preserve them like the former. In like manner are Lemon and Citron pills preserved. Preserve the flowers of Citrons, Oranges, Borrage, Primroses, with Sugar, according to art. Take of Apricots as many as you will, take away the outer skin and the stones, and mix them with their like weight in sugar, after four hours take them out, and boil the Sugar without any other Liquor, then put them in again, and boil them a little. Other Fruits may be preserved in the same manner, or at least not much unlike to it, as whole Barberries, Cherries, Cornels, Citrons, Quinces, Peaches, common Apples, the five sorts of Myrobalans, Hazel Nuts, Walnuts, Nutmegs, Raisins of the Sun, Pepper brought green from India, Plums, garden and wild Pears, Grapes. Pulps are also preserved, as Barberries, Cassia Fistula, Citrons, Cinosbatus, Quinces, and Sloes, et cetera Take of Barberries as many as you will, boil them in spring water till they are tender, then having pulped them through a sieve, that they are free from the stones, boil it again in an earthen vessel over a gentle fire, often stirring them for fear of burning, till the watery humour be consumed, then mix ten pounds of sugar with six pounds of this pulp, boil it to its due thickness. Broom buds are also preserved, but with brine and vinegar, and so are Olives and Capers. Lastly, Amongst the Barks, Cinnamon, amongst the flowers, Roses, and Marigolds, amongst the fruits, Almonds, Cloves, Pine-nuts, and Fistick-nuts, are said to be preserved but with this difference, they are encrusted with dry sugar, and are more called confects than preserves. Conserves of the herbs of Wormwood, Sorrel, Wood-sorrel, the flowers of Oranges, Borrage, Bugloss, Bettony, Marigolds, the Tops of Carduus, the Flowers of Centaury the less, Clove-gilliflowers, Germander, Succory, the Leaves of Scurvy-grass, the flowers of Comfrey the greater. Citratiæ, Cinosbati, the roots of Spurge, herbs and flowers of Eye-bright, the tops of Fumitory, Goat’s-rue, the flowers of Broom not quite open, Hyssop, Lavender, white Lilies, Lilies of the Valley, Marjoram, Mallows, the tops of Bawm, the leaves of Mints, the flowers of Water Lilies, red Poppies, Peony, Peaches, Primroses, Roses, the leaves of Rue, the flowers of Sage, Elder Scabious, the leaves of Scordium, the flowers of Limetree, Coltsfoot, Violets, with all these are conserves made with their treble proportion of white sugar; yet note, that all of them must not be mixed alike, some of them must be cut, beaten, and gently boiled, some neither cut, beaten nor boiled, and some admit but one of them, which every artist in his trade may find out by this premonition and avoid error. Take of white Poppy heads, meanly ripe, and newly gathered, twenty, steep them in three pounds of warm spring water, and the next day boil them until the virtue is out, then strain out the liquor, and with a sufficient quantity of good sugar, boil it according to art, that you may make it up into Lozenges. The virtues are the same with the common Diacodium, viz. to provoke sleep, and help thin rheums in the head, coughs, and roughness of the throat, and may easily be carried about in one’s pocket. The first is made by pouring the sugar upon a marble, after a sufficient boiling in half its weight in Damask Rose Water: And the latter by adding to every pound of the former towards the latter end of the decoction, Pearls, prepared and bruised, half an ounce, with eight or ten leaves of gold. It is naturally cooling, appropriated to the heart, it restores lost strength, takes away burning fevers, and false imaginations, (I mean that with Pearls, for that without Pearls is ridiculous) it hath the same virtues Pearls have. Take of choice Rhubarb four scruples, Agarick Trochiscated, Corallins, burnt Hart’s-horn, Dittany of Crete, Wormseed and Sorrel seed, of each a scruple, Cinnamon, Zedoary, Cloves, Saffron, of each half a scruple, white Sugar a pound, dissolved in four ounces of Wormwood Water, Wormwood Wine, an ounce, Cinnamon Water a spoonful, with the forenamed powders make it into Lozenges according to art. The title shews you the virtues of it. Are prepared of sugar dissolved in spring water by a gentle fire, and the whites of Eggs diligently beaten, and clarified once, and again whilst it is boiling, then strain it and boil it gently again, till it rise up in great bubbles, and being chewed it stick not to your teeth, then pour it upon a marble, anointed with oil of Almonds, (let the bubbles first sink, after it is removed from the fire) bring back the outsides of it to the middle till it look like Larch rosin, then, your hands being rubbed with white starch, you may draw it into threads either short or long, thick or thin, and let it cool in what form you please. I remember country people were wont to take them for coughs, and they are sometimes used in other compositions. Take Coriander seeds prepared half an ounce, Nutmegs, white Frankincense, of each three drams, Liquorice, Mastich, of each two drams, Cubebs, Hart’s-horn prepared, of each one dram, conserve of Red roses an ounce, white Sugar as much as is sufficient to make it into mean bits. I cannot boast much of the rarity nor virtues of this receipt. Take of red Rose leaves, the whites being cut off, and speedily dried in the sun an ounce, white Sugar a pound, melt the Sugar in Rose-water and juice of Roses of each two ounces which being consumed by degrees, put in the Rose leaves in powder, mix them, put it upon a marble, and make it into Lozenges according to art. As for the virtues of this, it strengthens weak stomachs, weak hearts, and weak brains, restores such as are in consumptions, restores lost strength, stays fluxes, eases pains in the head, ears and eyes, helps spitting, vomiting, and urining of blood; it is a fine commodity for a man in a consumption to carry about with him, and eat now and then a bit. Take of Cloves seven drams, Mace, Zedoary, Galanga the less, yellow Sanders, Troches, Diarrhodon, Cinnamon, wood of Aloes, Indian Spikenard, long Pepper, Cardamoms the less, of each a dram, Red Roses four ounces, Gallia Moschata, Liquorice, of each two drams, of Indian leaf, Cubebs of each two scruples, beat them all diligently into powder. This powder strengthens the heart and stomach, helps digestion, expels wind, stays vomiting, and cleanses the stomach of putrified humors. Take of Red Roses exungulated fifteen drams, Liquorice seven drams, wood of Aloes, yellow Sanders, of each three drams, Cinnamon five drams, Cloves, Mace, of each two drams and an half, Gum Arabic and Tragacanth, of each eight scruples, Nutmegs, Cardamoms the less, Galanga of each one dram, Indian Spikenard two scruples, make it into a powder to be kept in a glass for use. It strengthens the brain, heart and stomach, and all such internal members as help towards decoction, it helps digestion, consumes the watery excrements of the bowels, strengthens such as are pined away by reason of the violence of a disease, and restores such as are in consumption. Take of Pearls prepared, Crab’s eyes, red Coral, white Amber, Hart’s-horn, oriential Bezoar, of each half an ounce, powder of the black tops of Crab’s claws, the weight of them all, beat them into powder, which may be made into balls with jelly, and the skins which our vipers have cast off, warily dried and kept for use. This is that powder they ordinarily call Gascoigns powder, there are divers receipts of it, of which this is none of the worst, four, or five, or six grains is excellently good in a fever to be taken in any cordial, for it cheers the heart and vital spirits exceedingly, and makes them impregnable. Take of wood of Aloes, Spodium of each a dram, Cinnamon, Cloves, bone of a Stag’s-heart, the roots of Angelica, Avens, and Tormentil, of each a dram and an half, Pearls prepared six drams, raw Silk toasted, both sorts of Coral of each two drams, Jacinth, Emerald, Samphire, of each half a dram, Saffron a scruple, the leaves of gold and silver, of each ten, make them into powder according to art. It is a great cordial, a great strengthener of the heart, and brain. Take of Mountain Calaminth, Pennyroyal, Origanum, the seeds of Macedonian Parsley, common Parsley, and Hartwort, of each two drams, the seeds of Smallage, the tops of Thyme of each half an ounce, the seeds of Lovage, black Pepper, of each an ounce, make them into powder according to art. It heats and comforts cold bodies, cuts thick and gross flegm, provokes urine and the menses. I confess this differs something from Galen, but is better for our bodies in my opinion than his. It expels wind exceedingly, you may take half a dram of the powder at a time. There is nothing surer than that all their powders will keep better in Electuaries than they will in powders, and into such a body, you may make it with two pound and an half of white sugar dissolved in rose water. Take of Diacalamintha simple, half an ounce, the leaves of Horehound, Marjoram, Bawm, Mugwort, Savin dried, of each a dram, Cypress roots, the seeds of Maddir and Rue, Mace, Cinnamon, of each two scruples, beat them and mix them diligently into a powder according to art. This seems to be more appropriated to the feminine gender than the former, viz. to bring down the terms, to bring away the birth, and after-birth, to purge them after labour, yet it is dangerous for pregnant women. Take of Annis seeds two ounces and an half, Liquorice, Mastich, of each an ounce, the seeds of Caraway, Fennel, Galanga, Mace, Ginger, Cinnamon, of each five drams, the three sorts of Pepper, Cassia Lignea, mountain Calaminth, Pellitory of Spain, of each two drams, Cardamoms the greater, Cloves, Cubebs, Indian Spikenard, Saffron, of each a dram and an half, make them into powder. It is chiefly appropriated to the stomach, and helps the cold infirmities thereof, raw, flegm, wind, continual coughs, and other such diseases coming of cold. You may safely take a dram of the electuary at a time. You may make an electuary of it with its treble weight of clarified Honey. Take of Aron Roots two ounces, of common Water Flag, and Burnet, of each one ounce, Crab’s eyes, half an ounce, Cinnamon three drams, salt of Wormwood, and Juniper, of each one dram, make them into powder. And when you have done tell me what it is good for. Take of Orris roots half an ounce, Sugar-candy, Diatragacanthum frigidum, of each two drams, make them into powder. I do not mean the Diatragacanthum frigidum, for that is in powder before. It comforts the breast, is good in colds, coughs, and hoarseness. You may mix it with any pectoral Syrups which are appropriated to the same diseases, and so take it with a Liquorice stick. Take of Gum-lacca, prepared Rhubarb, Schænanth, of each three drams, Indian Spikenard, Mastich, the juice of Wormwood and Agrimony, made thick, the seeds of Smallage, Annis, Fennel, Ammi, Savin, bitter Almonds, Myrrh, Costus, or Zedoary, the roots of Maddir, Asarabacca, Birthwort long and round, Gentian, Saffron, Cinnamon, dried Hyssop, Cassia Lignea, Bdellium, of each a dram and an half, black Pepper, Ginger, of each a dram, make them into powder according to art. It strengthens the stomach and liver, opens obstructions, helps dropsies, yellow jaundice, provokes urine, breaks the stone in the reins and bladder. Half a dram is a moderate dose, if the patient be strong they may take a dram in white Wine. Let pregnant women forbear it. Take of East Bezoar, bone of a Stag’s-heart, of each a dram and an half, Magisterium, of white and red Coral, white Amber, Magisterium of Pearl, Hart’s-horn, Ivory, Bole-amoniac, Earth of Germany, Samos and Lemnos, Elk’s-claw, Tormentil roots, of each a dram, Wood of Aloes, Citron peels, the roots of Angelica and Zedoary, of each two scruples, leaves of Gold twenty, Ambergris one scruple, Musk six grains, mix them and make them into powder. It is too dear for a vulgar purse, yet a mighty cordial and great strengthener of the heart and vitals in fevers. Take of the four greater cold seeds, the seeds of Purslain, white Poppies, Endive, Sorrel, Citrons, the three Sanders, Wood of Aloes, Ginger, red Roses exungulated, the flowers of Water-lilies, Bugloss, Violets, the berries of Mirtles, bone in a Stag’s heart, Ivory, Contra yerva, Cinnamon of each one dram, both sorts of Coral, of each half a dram, Pearls three drams, Camphire six grains, make them into powder according to art. Observe that the four greater cold seeds, and the Poppy seeds, are not to be added before the powder be required by physician for use. Do so by the other powder in the composition of which these powders are used. Authors hold it to be restorative in consumptions, to help such as are in hectic fevers, to restore strength lost, to help coughs, asthmaes, and consumptions of the lungs, and restore such as have laboured long under languishing or pining diseases. Take of Saffron, Galanga, Zedoary, Wood of Aloes, Mace, of each two drams, Pearls, raw Silk toasted, white Amber, red Coral prepared, Gallia Moschata, Bazil, of each two drams and an half, Ginger, Cubebs, Long Pepper, of each a dram and an half, Nutmegs, Indian leaf or Cinnamon, Cloves, of each one dram, Musk two scruples, make them into powder according to art. It wonderfully helps cold afflictions of the brain, that come without a fever, melancholy and its attendants, viz. sadness without a cause, vertigo or diziness in the head, falling-sickness, palsies, resolution of the nerves, convulsions, heart-qualms, afflictions of the lungs, and difficulty of breathing. The dose of the powder is half a dram, or two scruples, or less; according to the age or strength of him or her that takes it. Mesue appoints it to be made into an electuary with clarified honey, and of the electuary, two drams is the dose: The time of taking it is, in the morning fasting. Is prepared by adding to the forenamed Wormwood, dried Roses, of each three drams, Aloes half an ounce, Cinnamon two drams and an half, Castorium and Lovage, of each one dram, make them into powder. Besides the virtues of the former, it purges the stomach of putrified humours. Take of Rosemary flowers an ounce, red Roses, Violets, Liquorice, of each six drams, Cloves, Indian Spikenard, Nutmegs, Galanga, Cinnamon, Ginger, Zedoary, Mace, Wood of Aloes, Cardamoms the less, the seeds of Dill and Anis, of each four scruples, make them into powder according to art. It strengthens the heart and helps the passions thereof, it causes a joyful and cheerful mind, and strengthens such as have been weakened by long sickness, it strengthens cold stomachs, and helps digestion notably. The dose is half a dram, you may make it into an electuary with honey, and take two drams of that at a time. Take of Penides two ounces, Pine-nuts, sweet Almonds blanched, white Poppy seeds, of each three drams and a scruple, (Cinnamon, Cloves, Ginger, which three being omitted, it is a Diapendion without spices) juice of Liquorice, Gum Tragacanth and Arabic, white Starch, the four greater cold seeds husked, of each a dram and an half, Camphire seven grains, make them into powder. It helps the vices of the breast, coughs, colds, hoarseness, and consumptions of the lungs, as also such as spit matter. You may mix it with any pectoral syrup, and take it with a Liquorice stick, if you fancy the powder best, but if the electuary, you may take a dram of it upon a knife’s point at any time when the cough comes. Take of Sanders white and red, of each two drams and an half, Gum Tragacanth, Arabic, Ivory of each two scruples, Asarabacca roots, Mastich, Indian Spikenard, Cardamoms, Liquorice, Saffron, Wood of Aloes, Cloves, Gallia Moschata, Annis and sweet Fennel seeds, Cinnamon, Rhubarb, Bazil seeds, Barberry seeds, the seeds of Succory, Purslain, the four greater cold seeds cleansed, white Poppy seeds, of each a scruple, Pearls, bone of a Stag’s-heart of each half a scruple, red Roses exungulated, one ounce and three drams, Camphire seven grains, make them into powder according to art. It cools the violent heat of the heart and stomach, as also of the liver, lungs, and spleen, eases pains in the body, and most infirmities coming to the body by reason of heat. The dose of the powder is half a dram, and two ounces of the electuary, into which with sugar dissolved in Rose-water you may make it. Take of Cummin seeds steeped in vinegar and dried, long Pepper, Rue leaves, of each an ounce, Nitre half an ounce, make them into powder. It is an admirable remedy for such whose meat is putrified in their stomachs, it helps cold stomachs, cold belchings and windy. You may take half a dram after meat, either in a spoonful of Muskadel, or in a Syrup of Mirtles or Quinces, or any Cordial Water whose effects is the same. Take of Gum Tragacanth two ounces, Gum Arabic an ounce and two drams, white Starch half an ounce, Liquorice, the seeds of Melons and white Poppies, of each three drams, the seeds of Citruls, Cucumbers and Gourds, of each two drams, Penids three ounces, Camphire half a scruple, make of them a powder according to art. Also you may make an electuary of them with a sufficient quantity of Syrup of Violets, but have a care of what was told you before of the seeds. Make up into an electuary. It helps the faults of the breast and lungs coming of heat and dryness, it helps consumptions, leanness, inflammations of the sides, pleurises, et cetera hot and dry coughs, roughness of the tongue and jaws. Take of the three sorts of Peppers, of each six drams and fifteen grains, Annis seeds, Thyme, Ginger, of each one dram, beat them into gross powder. It heats the stomach and expels wind. Half a dram in powder, or two drams in electuary (for so Galen who was author of it, appoints it to be made with clarified honey, a sufficient quantity) if age and strength permit, if not, half so much, is a sufficient dose, to be taken before meat, if to heat the stomach and help digestion; after meat, if to expel wind. Take of all the sorts of Sanders, red Roses, of each three drams, Rhubarb, Ivory, Juice of Liquorice, Purslain seeds, of each two drams and fifteen grains, white Starch, Gum Arabic, Tragacanth, the seeds of Melons, Cucumbers, Citruls, Gourds, Endive, of each a dram and an half, Camphire a scruple, make them into powder according to art. It is very profitable against the heat of the stomach and liver, besides, it wonderfully helps such as have the yellow jaundice, and consumptions of the lungs. You may safely take a dram of the powder, or two drams of the electuary in the morning fasting, for most of these powders will keep better by half in electuaries. Take of white Poppy seeds ten drams, white Starch, Gum Arabic and Tragacanth, of each three drams, the seeds of Purslain, Marsh-mallows, Mallows, of each five drams, Cucumbers, Melons, Gourds, Citruls, Quinces of each seven drams, Ivory, Liquorice, of each three drams, Penids the weight of them all, make them into powder according to art. It is a gallant cool powder, fit for all hot imperfections of the breast and lungs, as consumptions, pleurisies, et cetera Your best way is to make it into a soft electuary with Syrups of Violets, and take it as Diatragacanthum frigidum. Take the flowers of Clove-bazil, or the seeds thereof, Saffron, Zedoary, Wood of Aloes, Cloves, Citron pills, Galanga, Mace, Nutmegs, Styrax Calamitis, of each two drams and an half, Ivory, Annis seeds, Thyme, Epithimum, of each one dram, bone of a Stag’s heart, Pearls, Camphire, of each half a dram, leaves of Gold and Silver, of each half a scruple, make it into powder according to art. It causes a merry heart, a good colour, helps digestion, and keeps back old age. You may mix half a dram of it to take at one time, or less if you please, in any cordial Syrup, or cordial electuary appropriated to the same uses. Take of the roots of both sorts of Angelica, Swallow-wort, garden Valerian, Polipodium of the Oak, Marsh-mallows, Nettles, of each half an ounce, the bark of German Mezereon, two drams, twenty grains of herb True-love, the leaves of the same, roots and all, thirty six, the roots being steeped in vinegar and dried, beat it all into powder. It seems to be as great an expeller of poison, and as great a preservative against it, and the pestilence, as one shall usually read of. Take of red Roses, Liquorice, of each one ounce, one dram, two scruples and an half, Cinnamon two drams, two scruples, and two grains, Cloves, Indian Spikenard, Ginger, Galanga, Nutmegs, Zedoary, Styrax, Calamitis, Cardamoms, Parsley seeds, of each one scruple eight grains, beat them into powder. It quenches thirst, and stays vomiting, and the author saith it helps hot and dry stomachs, as also heat and dryness of the heart, liver, and lungs, (yet is the powder itself hot,) it strengthens the vital spirits, takes away heart-qualms, it provokes sweat, and strengthens such as have laboured under long chronical diseases. You may take a dram of the electuary every morning, if with clarified Honey you please to make it into such a body. Take of Frankincense one dram, Aloes half a dram, beat them into powder. And when you have occasion to use it, mix so much of it with the white of an egg, (beat the white of the egg well first) as will make it of the thickness of Honey, then dip the wool of a Hare in it, and apply it to the sore or part that bleeds, binding it on. Take of men’s bones burnt, Scammony, Hermodactils, Turbith, Sena, Sugar, of each equal parts, beat them into powder. Take of the seeds of Annis, Carraway, Fennel, Cummin, Spikenard, Cinnamon, Galanga, of each half an ounce, Liquorice, Gromwell, of each an ounce, Sena, the weight of them all, beat it into powder. That this receipt is gallantly composed none can deny, and is an excellent purge for such whose bodies as are troubled with the wind cholic, or stoppage either of guts or kidneys, two drams taken in white Wine will work sufficiently with any ordinary body. Let weak men and children take less, keeping within doors, and warm. Take of Sena two ounces, Cremor Tartar half an ounce, Mace two scruples and an half, Ginger, Cinnamon, of each a dram and an half, Salgem one dram, beat it into powder according to art. This powder purges melancholy, and cleanses the head. Take of Sena, Cremor Tartar, of each two ounces, Cloves, Cinnamon, Galanga, Ammi, of each two drams, Diacridium half an ounce, beat it into powder according to art. Take of Turbith, Hermodactils, of each an ounce, Rhubarb ten drams, Diacrydium half an ounce, Sanders red and white, Violets, Ginger, of each a dram and an half, Mastich, Annis seeds, Cinnamon, Saffron, of each half a dram, make it into powder. This also purges flegm and choler. Once more let me desire such as are unskilful in the rules of physic, not to meddle with purges of this nature (unless prescribed by a skilful Physician) lest they do themselves more mischief in half an hour, than they can remove in half a year. Take of Hart’s-horn, Unicorn’s horn, Pearls, Ivory, of each six grains, beat them into fine powder. If you mean to keep it, you may encrease the quantity analogically. Take of the roots of Tormentil, Dittany, Clove-gilliflowers, Scabious, the seed of Sorrel, Coriander prepared, Citron, Carduus Benedictus, Endive, Rue, of each one dram, of the three sorts of Sanders, (white, red, and yellow,) Been, white and red (or if you cannot get them, take the roots of Avens and Tormentil, in their stead) Roman Doronicum, (a kind of wolf-bane) Cinnamon, Cardamoms, Saffron, the flowers of both sorts of Bugloss, (viz. Borrage and Bugloss,) red Roses, and Water-Lilies, Wood of Aloes, Mace, of each two scruples, Ivory, Spodium, bone of a Stag’s-heart, red Coral, Pearls, Emerald, Jacinth, Granite of each one scruple, raw Silk torrified, (dried or roasted by the fire,) Bole-amoniac, Earth of Lemnos, of each half a dram, Camphire, Ambergris, Musk, of each six grains, beat them into powder according to art, and with eight times their weight in white sugar, dissolved in Rose-water, you may make them into Lozenges, if you please. Both this and the former powder, are appropriated to the heart, (as the title shew) therefore they do strengthen that, and the vital spirit, and relieve languishing nature. All these are cordial Powders, and seldom above half a dram of them given at a time. Take of Terra sigillata, Sanguis Draconis, Mummy of each two drams, Spermaceti one dram, beat them into powder according to art. You must beat the rest into powder, and then add the Spermaceti to them afterwards, for if you put the Spermaceti and the rest all together and go to beat them in that fashion, you may as soon beat the mortar into powder, as the simples. Indeed your best way is to beat them severally, and then mix them altogether, which being done, makes you a gallant medicine for the infirmities specified in the title, a dram of it taken in Muskadel and sweating after it. Take of Cummin seeds infused a natural day in Vinegar, one ounce and one scruple, Cinnamon, Cloves, of each two drams and an half, Galanga, Savory, Calaminth, of each one dram and two scruples, Ginger, black Pepper, of each two drams and five grains, the seeds of Lovage, and Ammi, (Bishop’s-weed,) of each one dram and eighteen grains, long Pepper one dram, Spikenard, Nutmegs, Cardamoms, of each two scruples and an half, beat them and keep them diligently in powder for your use. It heats the stomach and bowels, expels wind exceedingly, helps the wind cholic, helps digestion hindered by cold or wind, is an admirable remedy for wind in the bowels, and helps quartan agues. The powder is very hot, half a dram is enough to take at one time, and too much if the patient be feverish, you may take it in white Wine. It is in my opinion a fine composed powder. Take of Galanga, wood of Aloes, of each six drams, Cloves, Mace, seeds of Lovage of each two drams, Ginger, long and white Pepper, Cinnamon, Calamus Aromaticus of each a dram and an half, Calaminth, and Mints dried, Cardamoms the greater, Indian Spikenard, the seeds of Smallage, Annis, Fennel, Caraway, of each one dram, beat them into powder according to art. Also it may be made into an electuary with white sugar dissolved in Malaga wine, or twelve times the weight of it of clarified Honey. Mesue quotes it only as an electuary, which he saith prevails against wind, sour belchings, and indigestion, gross humours and cold afflictions of the stomach and liver. You may take half a dram of the powder at a time, or two of the electuary in the morning fasting, or an hour before meat. It helps digestion exceedingly, expels wind, and heats a cold stomach. Take of Pearls and Pellitory of the Wall, of each one dram, Ginger, Mastich, of each half an ounce, Doronicum, Zedoary, Smallage seeds, both sorts of Cardamoms, Nutmegs, Mace, of each two drams, Been of both sorts, (if they cannot be procured take the roots of Avens and Tormentil) black and long Pepper of each three drams, beat them into powder and keep them for your use. This (quoth Avicenna) is appropriated to women, and in them to diseases incident to their matrix; but his reasons I know not. It is cordial and heats the stomach. Take of Spikenard, Ginger, Cinnamon, black Pepper, Cardamoms, Cloves, Mace, of each half a dram, Costus, Liquorice, Cypress, Tragacanth, Germander, of each two scruples, the seeds of Bishop’s-weed, (Ammi,) Smallage, Sparagus, Bazil, Nettles, Citrons, Saxifrage, Burnet, Caraway, Carrots, Fennel, Bruscus, Parsley of Macedonia, Burs, Seseli, (or Hartwort,) Asarabacca, of each one dram, Lapis Spongiæ, Lyncis, Cancri, Judaici, of each one dram and an half, Goat’s blood prepared an ounce and half, beat them all into powder according to art. It heats the stomach, and helps want of digestion coming through cold, it eases pains in the belly and loins, the Illiac passion, powerfully breaks the stone in the reins and bladder, it speedily helps the cholic, stranguary, and disury. The dose is from a dram to half a dram, take it either in white Wine, or decoction of herbs tending to the same purposes. Take of Cinnamon, Cloves, Galanga, Wood of Aloes, Indian Spikenard, Nutmegs, Ginger, Spodium, Schœnanthus, Cypress, Roses, Violets of each one dram, Indian Leaf or Mace, Liquorice, Mastich, Styrax Calamitis, Marjoram, Costmary, or Water-mints, Bazil, Cardamoms, long and white Pepper, Myrtle berries, and Citron pills, of each half a dram and six grains, Pearls, Been white and red, (or, if they be wanting, take the roots of Avens and Tormentil in their stead) red Coral, torrified Silk, of each eighteen grains, Musk six grains, Camphire four grains, beat them into powder according to art, and with ten times their weight in sugar dissolved in Bawm water, you may make them into an electuary. It is exceedingly good for sad, melancholy, lumpish, pensive, grieving, vexing, pining, sighing, sobbing, fearful, careful spirits, it strengthens weak stomachs exceedingly, and help such as are prone to faintings and swoonings, it strengthens such as are weakened by violence of sickness, it helps bad memories, quickens all the senses, strengthens the brain and animal spirits, helps the falling-sickness, and succours such as are troubled with asthmas, or other cold afflictions of the lungs. It will keep best in an electuary, of which you may take a dram in the morning, or more, as age and strength requires. Take of all the Sanders, (white, red, and yellow,) the seeds of Bazil, of each an ounce and an half, Bole Amoniac, Cinnamon, of each an ounce, the roots of Dittany, Gentian, and Tormentil, of each two drams and an half, the seeds of Citron and Sorrel, of each two drams, Pearls, Saphire, bone of a Stag’s heart, of each one dram, beat them into powder according to art. The title tells you the virtue of it, besides, it cheers the vital spirits, and strengthens the heart. You may take half a dram every morning either by itself, or mixed with any other convenient composition, whether Syrup or Electuary. Take of the best Turbith an ounce, Diagridium, Ginger, of each half an ounce, Cinnamon, Cloves, of each two drams, Galanga, long Pepper, Mace, of each one dram, beat them into powder, and with eight ounces and five drams of white sugar dissolved in Succory Water, it may be made into an electuary. It purges flegm, being rightly administered by a skilful hand. I fancy it not. Take of Wormseed, four ounces, Sena, one ounce, Coriander seeds prepared, Hart’s-horn, of each half a dram, Rhubarb half an ounce, dried Rue, two drams, beat them into powder. I like this powder very well, the quantity (or to write more scholastically, the dose) must be regulated according to the age of the patient, even from ten grains to a dram, and the manner of taking it by their palate. It is something purging. Take of red Roses, Liquorice of each two drams and five grains, Gum Arabic and Tragacanth, of each two drams and two scruples, Sanders white and red, each four scruples, juice of Liquorice, white Starch, the seeds of white Poppies, Purslain, Lettuce, and Endive, of each three drams, the four greater cold seeds husked, of Quinces, Mallows, Cotton, Violets, Pine-nuts, fistic Nuts, sweet Almonds, pulp of Sebestens, of each two drams, Cloves, Spodium, Cinnamon, of each one dram, Saffron five grains, Penids half an ounce, being beaten, make them all into a soft electuary with three times their weight in Syrup of Violets. It restores consumptions, and hectic fevers, lost strength, it nourishes much, and restores radical moisture, opens the pores, resists choler, takes away coughs, quenches thirst, and resists fevers. You may take an ounce in a day, by a dram at a time, if you please. Take of the juice of Apples, Damask Rose-water, of each a pound and an half, in which infuse for twenty-four hours, raw Silk four ounces, strain it strongly, and add Syrup of the berries of Cherms brought over to us, two pounds, Sugar one pound, boil it to the thickness of Honey; then removing it from the fire whilst it is warm, add Ambergris cut small, half an ounce, which being well mingled, put in these things following in powder, Cinnamon, Wood of Aloes, of each six drams, Pearls prepared, two drams, Leaf-Gold a dram, Musk a scruple, make it up according to art. Questionless this is a great cordial, and a mighty strengthener of the heart, and vital spirits, a restorer of such as are in consumptions, a resister of pestilences and poison, a relief to languishing nature, it is given with good success in fevers, but give not too much of it at a time, lest it prove too hot for the body, and too heavy for the purse. You may mix ten grains of it with other convenient cordials to children, twenty or thirty to men. Take of Sassafras two ounces, common Water three pounds, boil it to the consumption of the third part, adding, towards the end, Cinnamon bruised half an ounce, strain it, and with two pounds of white sugar, boil it to the thickness of a Syrup, putting in, in powder, Cinnamon, a dram, Nutmegs, half a scruple, Musk three grains, Ambergris, two and thirty grains, ten leaves of Gold, Spirit of Vitriol four drops, and so make it into an electuary according to art. It opens obstruction of the liver and spleen, helps cold rheums or defluxions from the head to the lungs, or teeth, or eyes, it is excellent in coughs, and other cold afflictions of the lungs and breast, it helps digestion, expels wind and the gravel of the kidneys, it provokes the menses, warms and dries up the moisture of the womb, which is many times the cause of barrenness, and is generally a helper of all diseases coming of cold, raw thin humours, you may take half a dram at a time in the morning. Take of the leaves of dried Rue ten drams, the seeds of Ammi, Cummin, Lovage, Origanum, Nigella, Caraway, Carrots, Parsley, bitter Almonds, Pepper black and long, wild Mints, Calamus Aromaticus, Bay-berries, Castorium of each two drams, Sagapenum half an ounce, Opopanax three drams, clarified Honey a pound and an half, the things to be beaten; being beaten, and the Gums dissolved in Wine, make it into an electuary according to art. It is exceeding good either in the cholic, or Iliac passion, or any other disease of the bowels coming of cold or wind, it generally eases pains in the bowels. You may give a dram in the morning fasting, or half an ounce in a clyster, according as the disease is. Take of Capers four ounces Agrimony Roots, Nigella seeds, Squils, Asarabacca, Centaury, black Pepper, Smallage, Thyme of each an ounce, Honey three times their weight, make it into an electuary according to art. They say it helps infirmities of the spleen, and indeed the name seems to promise so much, it may be good for cold bodies, if they have strength of nature in them. Take of Cinnamon fifteen drams, Cassia Lignea, Elecampane roots, of each half an ounce, Galanga, seven drams, Cloves, long Pepper, both sorts of Cardamoms, Ginger, Mace, Nutmegs, Wood of Aloes, of each three drams, Saffron, one dram, Sugar five drams, Musk two scruples, adding according to the prescript of the Physician, and by adding three pounds eight ounces of clarified Honey, boil it and make it into an electuary according to art. Diacinnamomum, or in plain English, A composition of Cinnamon, heats the stomach, causes digestion, provokes the menses, strengthens the stomach and other parts that distribute the nourishment of the body, a dram of it taken in the morning fasting, is good for ancient people and cold bodies, such as are subject to dropsies and diseases of flegm, or wind, for it comforts and strengthens nature much. If you take it to help digestion, take it an hour before meat, do so in all things of like quality. Take of Coral white and red, Bole-amoniac, Dragon’s-blood, of each one dram, Pearls half a dram, Wood of Aloes, red Roses, Gum Tragacanth, Cinnamon, of each two scruples, Sanders white and red, of each one scruple, with four times its weight in sugar dissolved in small Cinnamon Water, make it into an electuary, according to art. It comforts and strengthens the heart exceedingly, and restores such as are in consumptions, it is cooling, therefore good in hectic fevers, very binding, and therefore stops fluxes, neither do I know a better medicine in all the dispensatory for such as have a consumption accompanied with looseness. It stops the menses and Fluor Albus. Take but a dram at a time every morning, because of its binding quality, except you have a looseness, for then you may take so much two or three times a day. Take of the roots of Cicers, Acorus, or Calamus Aromaticus, Pine-nuts, of each a pound and a half, let the Cicers roots, being cleansed, cut, boiled, and pulped, be added to ten pounds of clarified honey, and boiled, (stirring it) to its just thickness, then being removed from the fire, add the Acorus roots beaten, the Pine-nuts cut, and these following in powder. Take of black Pepper an ounce, long Pepper, Cloves, Ginger, Mace, of each half an ounce, Nutmegs, Galanga, Cardamons, of each three drams, mix them with the roots and Honey into an electuary according to art. The electuary provokes lust, heats the brain, strengthens the nerves, quickens the senses, causes an acute wit, eases pains in the head, helps the falling-sickness and convulsions, coughs, catharrs, and all diseases proceeding from coldness of the brain. Half a dram is enough to take at one time, because of its heat. Peony is an herb of the sun, the roots of it cure the falling-sickness. Take of the flesh of Quinces cut and boiled in fair water to a thickness, eight pounds, white sugar six pounds, boil it to its just thickness. Take of the juice of Quinces, Sugar, of each two pounds, white Wine Vinegar half a pound, added at the end of the decoction, it being gently boiled, and the scum taken away, add Ginger two ounces, white Pepper ten drams and two scruples, bruise them grossly, and boil it again to the thickness of Honey. Take of white Sugar six pounds, Spring Water four pounds, clarify them well with the white of an egg, scumming them, then take of ripe Quinces cleansed from the rind and seeds, and cut in four quarters, eight pounds, boil them in the foregoing Syrup till they be tender, then strain the Syrup through a linen cloth, vocata Anglice, Boulter; boil them again to a jelly, adding four ounces of white wine Vinegar towards the end; remove it from the fire, and whilst it is warm put in these following species in powder, Ginger an ounce, white Pepper, Cinnamon, Nutmegs, of each two drams, keep it for use. The virtues of all these three are, they comfort the stomach, help digestion, stays vomiting, belchings, et cetera stop fluxes and the menses. They are all harmless, you may take the quantity of a nutmeg of them at a time, before meat to help digestion and fluxes, after meat to stay vomiting, in the morning for the rest. Take of Jacinth, red Coral, Bole-amoniac, Earth of Lemnos, of each half an ounce, the berries of Chermes, the Roots of Tormentil and Dittany, the seeds of Citrons, Sorrel, and Purslain, Saffron, Myrrh, red Roses exungulated, all the sorts of Sanders, bone of a Stag’s heart, Hart’s-horn, Ivory prepared, of each four scruples, Samphire, Emerald, Topaz, Pearls, raw Silk, leaves of Gold and Silver, of each two scruples, Camphire, Musk, Ambergris, of each five grains, with Syrup of Lemons make it into a confection according to art. It is a great cordial and cool, exceeding good in acute fevers and pestilences, it mightily strengthens and cherishes the heart. Never above half a dram is given at a time, very seldom so much. Take of Lupines husked two drams, black Pepper five scruples and six grains, Liquorice four scruples, long Birthwort, Mugwort, Cassia Lignea, Macedonian Parsley seed, Pellitory of Spain, Rue seed, Spikenard, Myrrh, Pennyroyal, of each two scruples and fourteen grains, the seeds of Smallage, Savin, of each two scruples and thirteen grains, Centaury the greater, Cretish Carrots, Nigella, Caraway, Annis, Cloves, Alum, of each two scruples, Bay leaves one scruple, one half scruple, and three grains, Schænanth one scruple and thirteen grains, Asarabacca, Calamus Aromaticus, Amomum, Centaury the less, the seed of Orrach, Peony, Fennel, of each one scruple and six grains, wood of Aloes, a scruple and fourteen grains, Cypress, Elecampane, Ginger, Cappar roots, Cummin, Orobus, of each one scruple, all of them being beaten into very fine powder, let them be made into an electuary according to art, with four times their weight in sugar, let it stand one month before you use it. It provokes the menses, brings away both birth and after-birth, the dead child, purges such as are not sufficiently purged after travail, it provokes urine, breaks the stone in the bladder, helps the stranguary, disury, iskury, et cetera helps indigestion, the cholic, opens any stoppings in the body, it heats the stomach, purges the liver and spleen, consumes wind, stays vomiting, but let it not be taken by pregnant women, nor such people as have the hemorrhoids. The dose is from one dram to two drams. Take of Satyrion roots three ounces, Dates, bitter Almonds, Indian Nuts, Pine nuts, Festick nuts, green Ginger, Eringo roots preserved, of each one ounce, Ginger, Cloves, Galanga, Pepper long and black, of each three drams, Ambergris one scruple. Musk two scruples, Penins four ounces, Cinnamon, Saffron, of each half an ounce, Malaga Wine three ounces, Nutmegs, Mace, Grains of Paradise, of each two drams, Ash-tree keys, the belly and loins of Scinks, Borax, Benjamin, of each three drams, wood of Aloes, Cardamoms, of each two drams, the seeds of Nettles and Onions, the roots of Avens, of each a dram and an half, with two pounds and an half of Syrup of green Ginger, make them into an electuary according to art. Take of the four greater and lesser cold seeds, the seeds of Asparagus, Burnet, Bazil, Parsley, Winter Cherries, of each two drams, Gromwell, Juice of Liquorice, of each three drams, Cinnamon, Mace, of each one dram, with eight times their weight in white Sugar dissolved in Marsh-mallows water, make it into an electuary according to art. It breaks the stone, and provokes urine. Men may take half an ounce at a time, and children half so much, in water of any herb or roots, et cetera (or decoction of them) that break the stone. Take of the barks of all the Myrobalans torrified, of each two drams and an half, the seeds of Water-cresses, Cummin, Annis, Fennel, Ammi, Caraway, of each a dram and an half, bruise the seeds and sprinkle them with sharp white wine Vinegar, then beat them into powder, and add the Mirobalans, and these things that follow, Spodium, Balaustines, Sumach, Mastich, Gum Arabic, of each one dram and fifteen grains, mix them together, and with ten ounces of Syrup of Myrtles, make them into an electuary according to art. It gently eases the bowels of the wind cholic, wringing of the bowels, infirmities of the spleen, it stops fluxes, the hemorrhoids, as also the menses. Take of the juice of Liquorice, sweet Almonds, Hazel-Nuts, of each half an ounce, Pine-nuts an ounce, Hysop, Maidenhair, Orris, Nettle seeds, round Birthwort, of each a dram and an half, black Pepper, the seeds of Water-cresses, the roots of Elecampane, of each half a dram, Honey fourteen ounces, make them into an electuary according to art. It strengthens the stomach and lungs, and helps the vices thereof. Take it with a Liquorice stick. Take of Gentain, Bay-berries, Myrrh, round Birthwort, of each two ounces, Honey two pounds, make them into an electuary according to art. This is a gallant electuary. It wonderfully helps cold infirmities of the brain, as convulsions, falling-sickness, dead palsies, shaking palsies, et cetera As also the stomach, as pains there, wind, want of digestion, as also stoppings of the liver, dropsies, it resists the pestilence and poison, and helps the bitings of venomous beasts. The dose is from half a dram to two drams, according to the age and strength of the patient, as also the strength of the diseases: you may take it either in the morning, or when urgent occasion calls for it. Take of Cinnamon, Cassia Lignea, of each half an ounce, Scordium, an ounce, Dittany of Crete, Tormentil, Bistort, Galbanum, Gum Arabic, of each half an ounce, Opium one dram and an half, Sorrel seeds one dram and a half, Gentain half an ounce, Bole-amoniac an ounce and an half, Earth of Lemnos half an ounce, long Pepper, Ginger, of each two drams, clarified Honey two pounds and an half, Sugar of Roses one pound, Canary Wine ten ounces, make them into an electuary according to art. It is a well composed electuary, something appropriated to the nature of women, for it provokes the menses, hastens labour, helps their usual sickness at the time of their lying in; I know nothing better, it stops fluxes, mightily strengthens the heart and stomach, neither is it so hot but it may safely be given to weak people, and besides provokes sleep. It may safely be given to young children ten grains at a time, ancient people may take a dram or more. It is given as an excellent cordial in such fevers as are accompanied with want of sleep. Take of Myrrh, Saffron, Agarick, Ginger, Cinnamon, Spikenard, Frankincense, Treacle, Mustard seeds, of each ten drams, the seeds of Hartwort, Opobalsamum, or oil of Nutmegs by expression, Schenanth, Stœchas, Costus, Galbanum, Turpentine, long Pepper, Castorium, juice of Hypocistis, Styrax, Calamitis, Opopanax, Indian leaf, or for want of it Mace, of each an ounce, Cassia Lignea, Poley Mountain, white Pepper, Scordium, the seeds of Carrots of Crete, Carpobalsamum or Cubebs, Troch, Cypheos, Bdelium, of each seven drams, Celtic Spikenard, Gum Arabic, Macedonian Parsley seeds, Opium, Cardamoms the less, Fennel seed, Gentian, red Rose leaves, Dittany of Crete, of each five drams, Annis seeds, Asarabacca, Orris Acorus, the greater Valerian, Sagapen, of each three drams, Meum Acacia, the bellies of Scinks, the tops of St. John’s Wort, of each two drams and an half, Malaga Wine, so much as is sufficient to dissolve the juices and gums, clarified Honey the treble weight of all, the wine excepted, make them into an electuary according to art. It is good against poison and such as have done themselves wrong by taking filthy medicines, it provokes sweat, it helps continual waterings of the stomach, ulcers in the body, consumptions, weakness of the limbs, rids the body of cold humours, and diseases coming of cold, it remedies cold infirmities of the brain, and stopping of the passage of the senses, (viz. hearing, seeing, smelling, et cetera) by cold, it expels wind, helps the cholic, provokes appetite to one’s victuals, it helps ulcers in the bladder, if Galen say true, as also difficulty of urine, it casts out the dead child, and helps such women as cannot conceive by reason of cold, it is an admirable remedy for melancholy, and all diseases of the body coming through cold, it would fill a whole sheet of paper to reckon them all up particularly. You may take a scruple or half a dram in the morning, and follow your business, two drams will make you sweat, yea one dram if your body be weak, for then two drams may be dangerous because of its heat. Take of white Pepper, the seeds of white Henbane, of each two drams, Opium, Earth of Lemnos, of each ten drams, Lap, Hematitus, Saffron, of each five drams, Castorium, Indian Spikenard, Euphorbium prepared, Pellitory of Spain, Pearls, Amber, Zedoary, Elecampane, Troch, Ramach, of each a dram, Camphire a scruple, with their treble weight in Honey of Roses, make it into an electuary according to art. It stops blood flowing from any part of the body, the immoderate flowing of the menses, the hemorrhoids in men, spitting of blood, bloody fluxes, and is profitable for such women as are subject to miscarry: See the next receipt. Take of white Pepper, white Henbane seeds, of each five drams, Opium two drams and an half, Cassia Lignea a dram and an half, the seeds of Smallage a dram, Parsley of Macedonia, Fennel, Carrots of Crete, of each two scruples and five grains, Saffron a scruple and an half, Indian Spikenard, Pellitory of Spain, Zedoary fifteen grains, Cinnamon a dram and an half, Euphorbium prepared, Myrrh, Castorium, of each a dram with their treble weight in clarified Honey, make it into an electuary. Take a Hen’s Egg new laid, and the white being taken out by a small hole, fill up the void place with Saffron, leaving the yolk in, then the hole being stopped, roast it in ashes till the shell begin to look black, take diligent heed the Saffron burn not, for then is the whole medicine spoiled, then the matter being taken out dry, if so that it may be beaten into powder and add to it as much powder of white Mustard seed as it weighs. Then take the roots of white Dittany and Tormentil, of each two drams, Myrrh, Hart’s-horn, Petasitis roots, of each one dram, the roots of Angelica and Burnet, Juniper Berries, Zedoary, Camphire of each half an ounce, mix them all together in a mortar, then add Venice Treacle the weight of them all, stir them about with a pestle three hours together, putting in so much Syrup of Lemons, as is enough to make it into an electuary according to art. A dram of it given at a time, is as great a help in a pestilential fever as a man shall usually read of in a Galenist. It provokes sweat, and then you shall be taught how to use yourself. If years do not permit, give not so much. Take of Troches of Squils forty-eight drams, Troches of Vipers, long Pepper, Opium of Thebes, Magma, Hedycroi dried, of each twenty-four drams, red Roses exungulated, Orris, Illirick, juice of Liquorice, the seeds of sweet Navew, Scordium, Opobalsamum, Cinnamon, Agerick, of each twelve drams, Myrrh, Costus, or Zedoary, Saffron, Cassia Lignea, Indian Spikenard, Schenanth, Pepper white and black, Olibanum, Dittany of Crete, Rhapontic, Stœchas, Horehound, Macedonian Parsley seed, Calaminth, Cypress, Turpentine, the roots of Cinquefoyl and Ginger, of each six drams, Poley Mountain, Chamepitis, Celtic Spikenard, Amomus, Styrax Calamitis, the roots of Meum, the tops of Germander, the roots of Rhapontic, Earth of Lemnos, Indian Leaf, Chalcitis burnt, or instead thereof Roman Vitriol burnt, Gentian roots, Gum Arabic, the juice of Hypositis, Carpobalsamum or Nutmegs, or Cubebs, the seeds of Annis, Cardamoms, Fennel, Hartwort, Acacia, or instead thereof the juice of Sloes made thick, the seeds of Treacle Mustard, and Ammi, the tops of St. John’s Wort, Sagapen, of each four drams, Castorium, the roots of long Birth-wort, Bitumen, Judaicum, Carrot seed, Opopanax, Centaury the less, Galbanum, of each two drams, Canary Wine enough to dissolve what is to be dissolved, Honey the treble weight of the dry species, make them into an Electuary according to art. It resists poison, and the bitings of venomous beasts, inveterate head-aches, vertigo, deafness, the falling-sickness, astonishment, apoplexies, dulness of sight, want of voice, asthmaes, old and new coughs, such as spit or vomit blood, such as can hardly spit or breathe, coldness of the stomach, wind, the cholic, and illiac passion, the yellow jaundice, hardness of the spleen, stone in the reins and bladder, difficulty of urine, ulcers in the bladder, fevers, dropsies, leprosies, it provokes the menses, brings forth birth and after-birth, helps pains in the joints, it helps not only the body, but also the mind, as vain fears, melancholy, et cetera and is a good remedy in pestilential fevers. You may take half a dram and go about your business, and it will do you good if you have occasion to go in ill airs, or in pestilent times, if you shall sweat under it, as your best way is, if your body be not in health, then take one dram, or between one and two, or less than one, according as age and strength is, if you cannot take this or any other sweating medicine by itself, mix it with a little Carduus or Dragon’s water, or Angelica water, which in my opinion is the best of the three. Take of Hart’s-horn two ounces, the seeds of Citrons, Sorrel, Peony, Bazil, of each one ounce, Scordium, Coral-liana, of each six drams, the roots of Angelica, Tormentil, Peony, the leaves of Dittany, Bay-berries, Juniper-berries, of each half an ounce, the flowers of Rosemary, Marigolds, Clove Gilliflowers, the tops of Saint John’s Wort, Nutmegs, Saffron, of each three drams, the Roots of Gentian, Zedoary, Ginger, Mace, Myrrh, the leaves of Scabious, Devil’s-bit, Carduus, of each two drams, Cloves, Opium, of each a dram, Malaga Wine as much as is sufficient, with their treble weight in Honey, mix them according to art. The receipt is a pretty cordial, resists the pestilence, and is a good antidote in pestilential times, it resists poison, strengthens cold stomachs, helps digestion, crudities of the stomach. A man may safely take two drams of it in a morning, and let him fear no harm. Take of Saffron, Asarabacca roots, the seeds of Parsley, Carrots, Annis, Smallage, of each half an ounce, Rhubarb, the roots of Meum, Indian Spikenard, of each six drams, Cassia Lignea, Costus, Myrrh, Schenanth, Cubebs, Madder roots, the juices of Maudlin, and Wormwood made thick, Opobalsamum, or oil of Nutmegs, of each two drams, Cinnamon, Calamus Aromaticus, of each a dram and an half, Scordium, Cetrach, juice of Liquorice, of each two drams and an half, Tragacanth a dram, with eight times their weight in white sugar, dissolved in Endive water, and clarified, make it into an electuary according to art. It is exceeding good against cold diseases of the stomach, liver, or spleen, corruption of humours and putrefaction of meat in the stomach, ill favoured colour of the body, dropsies, cold faults in the reins and bladder, provokes urine. Take a dram in the morning. Take of choice Turbith ten drams, Diacridium, bark of Spurge Roots prepared, Hermodactils, Red Roses, of each five drams, Cloves, Spikenard, Ginger, Saffron, long Pepper, Amomus, or for want of it Calamus Aromaticus, Cardamoms the less, the seeds of Smallage, Parsley, Fennel, Asparagus, Bruscus, Saxifrage, Gromwell, Caraway, Fossil Salt Galanga, Mace, of each a dram, with their treble weight of clarified Honey: make them into an electuary according to art. Also you may keep the species itself in your shops. It purges flegm, chiefly from the joints, also it purges the reins and bladder. Take of Cloves, Costus, or Zedoary, Ginger, Cummin, of each two drams, Hermodactils, Diacridium, of each half an ounce: with their double weight of Honey clarified in white wine, make them into an electuary according to art. Authors say it purges hot rheums, and takes away inflammations in wounds, I assure you the electuary works violently, and may safely be given in clysters, and so you may give two or three drams at a time, if the patient be strong. For taken otherwise it would kill a horse cum privilegio. Take of the leaves of Violets, Mallows, Beets, Mercury, Pellitory of the Wall, Violet flowers, of each a handful, boil them in a sufficient quantity of water, the benefit of which let the Cassia be extracted, and the canes washed; then take of this Cassia so drawn, and boil it to its consistence, a pound, Sugar a pound and a half, boil them to the form of an electuary according to art. You may take it in white Wine, it is good for gentle bodies, for if your body be hard to work upon, perhaps it will not work at all; it purges the reins gallantly, and cools them, thereby preventing the stone, and other diseases caused by their heat. Take of Agarick, Turbith, Species Hiera Simplex, Rhubarb, of each one dram, choice Aloes unwashed two drams, Ginger, Crystal of Tartar, of each two scruples, Orris, Florentine, sweet Fennel seeds, of each a scruple, Syrup of Roses solutive as much as is sufficient to make it into an electuary according to art. Take of Epithimum half an ounce, the roots of Angelica three drams, of Gentian, Zedoary, Acorus, of each two drams, Cinnamon one dram and an half, Cloves, Mace, Nutmegs, Saffron, of each one dram, Aloes six ounces, with Syrup of Fumitory, Scabious and Sugar so much as is sufficient to make it into a soft electuary. Both these purge choler, the former flegm, and this melancholy, the former works strongest, and this strengthens most, and is good for such whose brains are annoyed. You may take half an ounce of the former, if your body be any thing strong, in white Wine, if very strong an ounce, a reasonable body may take an ounce of the latter, the weak less. I would not have the unskilful too busy about purges without advice of a physician. Take of Damask Prunes two ounces, Violet flowers a handful and an half, Spring Water a pound and an half, boil it according to art till half be consumed, strain it, and dissolve in the decoction six ounces of Cassia newly drawn, sugar of Violets, Syrup of Violets, of each four ounces, Pulp of Tamarinds an ounce, Sugar Candy an ounce and an half, Manna two ounces, mix them, and make them into an electuary according to art. It is a fine cool purge for such as are bound in the body, for it works gently, and without trouble, it purges choler, and may safely be given in fevers coming of choler: but in such cases, if the body be much bound, the best way is first to administer a clyster, and then the next morning an ounce of this will cool the body, and keep it in due temper. Take twelve Prunes, Violet flowers a handful, French Barley, the seed of Annis, and bastard Saffron, Polypodium of the Oak, of each five drams, Maiden-hair, Thyme, Epithimum, of each half a handful, Raisins of the Sun stoned half an ounce, sweet Fennel seeds two drams, the seeds of Purslain, and Mallows, of each three drams, Liquorice half an ounce, boil them in a sufficient quantity of water, strain them and dissolve in the decoction, pulp of Cassia two pounds, of Tamarinds an ounce, Cinnamon three drams, Sugar a pound, boil it into the form of an electuary. Take of the former receipt two pounds, Sena in powder two ounces, mix them according to art. This is also a fine cool gentle purge, cleansing the bowels of choler and melancholy without any griping, very fit for feverish bodies, and yet the former is gentler than this. They both cleanse and cool the reins; a reasonable body may take an ounce and an half of the former, and an ounce of the latter in white Wine, if they keep the house, or their bodies be oppressed with melancholy, let them take half the quantity in four ounces of decoction of Epithimum. Take of Diatragacanthum frigidum, half an ounce, pulp of preserved Quinces an ounce, the inside of the seeds of Bastard Saffron half an ounce, Ginger two drams, Diacrydium beaten by itself three drams, Turbith six drams, Manna two ounces, Honey of Roses solutive, Sugar Candy, of each an ounce, Hermodactils half an ounce, Sugar ten ounces and an half, make of them a liquid electuary according to art. Take of the pulp of Dates boiled in Hydromel, Penids, of each half a pound, sweet Almonds blanched, three ounces and an half, to all of them being bruised and mixed, add clarified Honey two pounds, boil them a little, and then strew in Ginger, long Pepper, Mace, Cinnamon, Rue leaves, the seeds of Fennel and Carrots, of each two drams, Turbith four ounces, Diacridium an ounce and an half, make of them an electuary according to art. I cannot believe this is so profitable in fevers taken downwards as authors say, for it is a very violent purge. Take one hundred Damask Prunes, boil them in water till they be soft, then pulp them, and in the liquor they were boiled in, boil gently one of Violet flowers, strain it, and with two pounds of sugar boil it to a Syrup, then add half a pound of the aforesaid pulp, the pulp of Cassia, and Tamarinds, of each one ounce, then mix with it these powders following: Sanders white and red, Spodium, Rhubarb, of each three drams, red Roses, Violets, the seeds of Purslain, Succory, Barberries, Gum Tragacanth, Liquorice, Cinnamon, of each two drams, the four greater cold seeds, of each one dram, make it into an electuary according to art. It may safely, and is with good success, given in acute, burning, and all other fevers, for it cools much, and loosens the body gently: it is good in agues, hectic fevers, and Mirasmos. You may take an ounce of it at a time, at night when you go to bed, three hours after a light supper, neither need you keep your chamber next day, unless the weather be very cold, or your body very tender. Take of Diaprunum Lenitive whilst it is warm, four pounds, Scammony prepared two ounce and five drams, mix them into an electuary according to art. Seeing the dose of Scammony is increased according to the author in this medicine, you may use a less weight of Scammony if you please. Take of the pulp of Cassia and Tamarinds, the leaves of Sena, of each two ounces, Polypodium, Violets, Rhubarb, of each one ounce, Annis seeds, Penids, Sugar Candy, Liquorice, the seeds of Gourds, Citruls, Cucumbers, Melons, of each two drams, the things to be bruised, being bruised, take of fresh Polypodium three ounces, sweet Fennel seeds six drams, boil them in four pounds of water till the third part be consumed, strain it, and with two pounds of sugar, boil the decoction to the thickness of a Syrup; then with the pulps and powder make it into an electuary according to art. It is a fine cooling purge for any part of the body, and very gentle, it may be given (an ounce, or half an ounce at a time, according to the strength of the patient) in acute, or peracute diseases, for it gently loosens the belly, and adds strength, it helps infirmities of the liver and spleen, gouts of all sorts, quotidian, tertian, and quartan agues, as also head-aches. It is usually given in clysters. If you like to take it inwardly, you may take an ounce at night going to bed; in the morning drink a draught of hot posset drink and go about your business. Take of Citron pills preserved, conserves of the flowers of Violets and Bugloss, Diatragacanthum frigidum, Diacrydium, of each half an ounce, Turbith five drams, Ginger half a dram, Sena six drams, sweet Fennel seeds one dram, white sugar dissolved in Rose-water, and boiled according to art, ten ounces, make a solid electuary according to art. Here are some things very cordial, others purge violently, both put together, make a composition no way pleasing to me; therefore I account it a pretty receipt, good for nothing. Take of Diacrydium, Turbith, of each six drams, Cloves, Cinnamon, Ginger, Myrobalans, Emblicks, Nutmegs, Polypodium, of each two drams and an half, Sugar six ounces, clarified Honey ten ounces, make it into an electuary according to art. It purges choler and flegm, and wind from all parts of the body, helps pains of the joints and sides, the cholic, it cleanses the reins and bladder, yet I advise you not to take too much of it at a time, for it works pretty violently, let half an ounce be the most, for such whose bodies are strong, always remembering that you had better ten times take too little, than once too much; you may take it in white wine, and keep yourself warm. If you would have my opinion of it, I do not like it. Take of the bark of Citron, Myrobalans two ounces, Myrobalans, Chebs and blacks, Violets, Colocynthis, Polypodium of the Oak, of each one ounce and an half, Wormwood, Thyme, of each half an ounce, the seeds of Annis, and Fennel, the flowers of red Roses of each three drams, let all of them being bruised, be infused one day in six pounds of Whey, then boiled till half be consumed, rubbed with your hands and pressed out: to the decoction add juice of Fumitory, pulp of Prunes, and Raisins of the Sun, of each half a pound, white Sugar, clarified Honey, of each one pound, boil it to the thickness of Honey, strewing in towards the end. Agarick trochiscated, Sena of each two ounces, Rhubarb one ounce and an half, Epithimum one ounce, Diacrydium six drams, Cinnamon half an ounce, Ginger two drams, the seeds of Fumitory and Annis, Spikenard, of each one dram, make it into an electuary according to art. The receipt is chiefly appropriated as a purge for melancholy and salt flegm, and diseases thence arising, as scabs, itch, leprosies, cancers, infirmities of the skin, it purges adust humours, and is good against madness, melancholy, forgetfulness, vertigo. It purges very violently, and is not safe given alone. I would advise the unskilful not to meddle with it inwardly: You may give half an ounce of it in clysters, in melancholy diseases, which commonly have astringency a constant companion with them. Take of Raisins of the Sun stoned, Polypodium of the Oak, Sena, of each two ounces, Mercury one handful and an half, Jujubes, Sebestens, of each twenty, Maidenhair, Violets, French Barley, of each one handful, Damask Prunes stoned, Tamarinds of each six drams, Liquorice half an ounce, boil them in ten pounds of water till two parts of the three be consumed; strain it, and dissolve in the decoction, pulp of Cassia, Tamarinds, and fresh Prunes, Sugar of Violets, of each six ounces, Sugar two pounds, at last add powder of Sena leaves, one ounce and an half, Annis seeds in powder, two drams to each pound of electuary, and so bring it into the form of an electuary according to art. It gently opens and molifies the bowels, brings forth choler, flegm, and melancholy, and that without trouble, it is cooling, and therefore is profitable in pleurisies, and for wounded people: A man of reasonable strength may take an ounce of it going to bed, which will work next morning. Take of fresh Polypodium roots three ounces, fresh Marsh-mallow roots, Sena, of each two ounces, Annis seeds two drams, steep them in a glazed vessel, in a sufficient quantity of spring water, boil them according to art; strain it and with pulp of Raisins of the Sun half a pound, white Sugar, Manna, of each four ounces, boil it to the thickness of a Cydoniate, and renew it four times a year. It gently purges both choler and melancholy, cleanses the reins and bladder, and therefore is good for the stone and gravel in the kidneys. Take of Sugar, the juice of red Roses clarified, of each a pound and four ounces, the three sorts of Sanders of each six drams, Spodium three drams, Diacydonium twelve drams, Camphire a scruple, let the juice be boiled with the sugar to its just thickness, then add the rest in powder, and so make it into an electuary according to art. It purges choler, and is good in tertian agues, and diseases of the joints, it purges violently, therefore let it be warily given. Take of Cinnamon, Xylobalsamum, or wood of Aloes, the roots of Asarabacca, Spikenard, Mastich, Saffron, of each six drams, Aloes not washed twelve ounces and an half, clarified Honey four pounds and three ounces, mix them into an electuary according to art. Also you may keep the species by itself in your shops. It is an excellent remedy for vicious juices which lie furring the tunicle of the stomach, and such idle fancies and symptoms which the brain suffers thereby, whereby some think they see, others that they hear strange things, especially when they are in bed, and between sleeping and waking; besides this, it very gently purges the belly, and helps such women as are not sufficiently purged after their travail. Take of species Hiera, simple without Aloes, Agarick trochiscated, of each half an ounce, Aloes not washed one ounce, clarified Honey six ounces, mix it, and make it into an electuary according to art. Look but to the virtues of Agarick and add them to the virtues of the former receipt, so is the business done without any further trouble. Take of Coloquintida, Polypodium, of each two drams, Euphorbium, Poley mountain, the seeds of Spurge, of each one dram and an half, and six grains, Wormwood, Myrrh, of each one dram and twelve grains, Centaury the less, Agarick, Gum Ammoniacum, Indian leaf or Mace, Spikenard, Squills prepared, Diacrydium of each one dram, Aloes, Thyme Hermander, Cassia Lignea, Bdellum, Horehound, of each one scruple and fourteen grains, Cinnamon, Oppopanax, Castorium, long Birthwort, the three sorts of Pepper, Sagapen, Saffron, Parsley of each two drams, Hellebore black and white, of each six grains, clarified Honey a pound and a half, mix them, and make of them an electuary according to art. Let the species be kept dry in your shops. It takes away by the roots daily evils coming of melancholy, falling-sickness, vertigo, convulsions, megrim, leprosies, and many other infirmities; for my part I should be loth to take it inwardly unless upon desperate occasions, or in clysters. It may well take away diseases by the roots, if it takes away life and all. Take of Colocynthis, Agarick, Germander, white Horehound, Stœchas, of each ten drams, Opopanax, Sagapen, Parsley seeds, round Birthwort roots, white Pepper of each five drams, Spikenard, Cinnamon, Myrrh, Indian leaf or Mace, Saffron, of each four drams, bruise the Gums in a mortar, sift the rest, and with three pounds of clarified honey, three ounces and five drams, make it into an electuary according to art. It helps the falling-sickness, madness, and the pain in the head called Kephalalgia, pains in the breast and stomach whether they come by sickness or bruises, pains in the loins or back-bone, hardness of womens breasts, putrefaction of meat in the stomach, and sour belchings. It is but used seldom and therefore hard to be gotten. Take of Myrobalans, Chebs, Bellericks, Inds and Emblicks, Nutmegs, of each five drams, Water-cress seeds, Asarabacca roots, Persian Origanum, or else Dittany of Crete, black Pepper, Olibanum, Ammi, Ginger, Tamarisk, Indian Nard, Squinanth, Cypress roots of each half an ounce, filings of steel prepared with Vinegar twenty drams, let the Myrobalans be roasted with fresh butter, let the rest, being powdered, be sprinkled with oil of sweet Almonds, then add Musk one dram, and with their treble weight in Honey, make it into an electuary according to art. It helps the immoderate flowing of the menses in women, and the hæmorrhoids in men, it helps weakness of the stomach, and restores colour lost, it frees the body from crude humours, and strengthens the bladder, helps melancholy, and rectifies the distempers of the spleen. You may take a dram in the morning, or two if your body be any thing strong. Take of Diacrydium, ten drams, Turbith, an ounce and an half, Cardamoms the less, Cloves, Cinnamon, Honey, of each three drams, yellow Sanders, Liquorice, sweet Fennel seeds, of each half an ounce, Acorns, Schœnanth, of each a dram, red Roses, Citron pills preserved, of each three drams, Violets two drams, Penids four ounces, white Sugar half a pound, Honey clarified in juice of Apples one pound, make an electuary according to art. The Diacrydium and Turbith, are a couple of untoward purges, the rest are all cordials. Take of Cinnamon, Cassia, Schœnanth, of each an ounce and an half, Saffron, Myrrh, of each one ounce, Costus, Spignel, (Meum,) Acorus, (Water-flag perhaps they mean. See the root in the Catalogue of Simples,) Agarick, Scordium, Carrots, Parsley, of each half an ounce, white Pepper eleven grains, Honey so much as is sufficient to make it into an electuary according to art. It prevails against poison, and the bitings of venomous beasts, and helps such whose meat putrifies in their stomach, stays vomiting of blood, helps old coughs, and cold diseases in the liver, spleen, bladder, and matrix. The dose is half a dram. Take of the flakes of Iron infused in Vinegar seven days and dried, three drams, Indian Spikenard, Schœnanth, Cypress, Ginger, Pepper, Bishop’s weed, Frankincense, of each half an ounce, Myrobalans, Indian Bellericks, and Emblicks, Honey boiled with the decoction of Emblicks, sixteen ounces, mix them together, and make of them an electuary. The medicine heats the spleen gently, purges melancholy, eases pains in the stomach and spleen, and strengthens digestion. People that are strong may take half an ounce in the morning fasting, and weak people three drams. It is a good remedy for pains and hardness of the spleen. Take of Eyebright two ounces, Fennel seeds five drams, Cloves, Cinnamon, Cubebs, long Pepper, Mace, of each one dram, beat them all into powder, and with clarified Honey one pound, in which boil juice of Fennel one ounce, juice of Celandine and Rue, of each half an ounce, and with the powders make it up into an electuary. It is chiefly appropriated to the brain and heart, quickens the senses, especially the sight, and resists the pestilence. You may take half a dram if your body be hot, a dram if cold, in the morning fasting. Take of Orris roots one ounce, Pennyroyal, Hyssop, Liquorice, of each six drams, Tragacanth, white Starch, bitter Almonds, Pine-nuts, Cinnamon, Ginger, Pepper, of each three drams, fat Figs, the pulp of Raisins of the Sun, and Dates, of each three drams and an half, Styrax, Calamitis two drams and an half, Sugar dissolved in Hyssop water, and clarified Honey, of each twice the weight of all the rest, make them into an electuary according to art. The electuary is chiefly appropriated to the lungs, and helps cold infirmities of them, as asthmaes, coughs, difficulty of breathing, et cetera You may take it with a Liquorice stick, or on the point of a knife, a little of it at a time, and often. Take of the roots of Satyrion fresh and sound, garden Parsnips, Eringo, Pine-nuts, Indian Nuts, or if Indian Nuts be wanting, take the double quantity of Pine-nuts, Fistic-nuts, of each one ounce and an half, Cloves, Ginger, the seeds of Annis, Rocket, Ash Keys, of each five drams, Cinnamon, the tails and loins of Scincus, the seeds of Bulbus Nettles, of each two drams and an half, Musk seven grains, of the best sugar dissolved in Malaga Wine, three pounds, make it into an electuary according to art. It helps weakness of the reins and bladder, and such as make water with difficulty, it provokes lust exceedingly, and speedily helps such as are impotent in the acts of Venus. You may take two drams or more at a time. Take of Rhubarb, Rhapontic, Valerian roots, the roots of Acorus, or Calamus Aromaticus, Cypress, Cinquefoyl, Tormentil, round Birthwort, male Peony, Elecampane, Costus, Illirick, Orris, white Chamelion, or Avens, of each three drams, the Roots of Galanga, Masterwort, white Dictamni, Angelica, Yarrow, Fillipendula or Dropwort, Zedoary, Ginger, of each two drams, Rosemary, Gentian, Devil’s-bit, of each two drams and an half, the seeds of Citrons, and Agnus Castus, the berries of Kermes, the seeds of Ash-tree, Sorrel, wild Parsnips, Navew, Nigella, Peony the male, Bazil, Hedge Mustard, (Irio) Treacle Mustard, Fennel, Bishop’s-weed, of each two drams, the berries of Bay, Juniper, and Ivy, Sarsaparilla, (or for want of it the double weight of Cubebs,) Cubebs, of each one dram and an half, the leaves of Scordium, Germander, Chamepitys, Centaury the less, Stœchas, Celtic Spikenard, Calaminth, Rue, Mints, Betony, Vervain, Scabious, Carduus Benedictus, Bawm, of each one dram and an half, Dittany of Crete three drams, Marjoram, St. John’s Wort, Schœnanth, Horehound, Goats Rue, Savin, Burnet, of each two drams, Figs, Walnuts, Fistic-nuts, of each three ounces, Emblicks, Myrobalans half an ounce, the flowers of Violets, Borrage, Bugloss, Roses, Lavender, Sage, Rosemary, of each four scruples, Saffron three drams, Cassia Lignea ten drams, Cloves, Nutmegs, Mace, of each two drams and an half, black Pepper, long Pepper, all the three sorts of Sanders, wood of Aloes, of each one dram and an half, Hart’s-horn half an ounce, Unicorn’s-horn, or in its stead, Bezoar stone, one dram, bone in a Stag’s heart, Ivory, Stag’s pizzle, Castoreum, of each four scruples, Earth of Lemnos three drams, Opium one dram and an half, Orient Pearls, Emeralds, Jacinth, red Coral, of each one dram and an half, Camphire two drams, Gum Arabic, Mastich, Frankincense, Styrax, Turpentine, Sagapenum, Opopanax, Laserpitium, or Myrrh, of each two drams and an half, Musk, Ambergris, of each one dram, oil of Vitriol half an ounce, species cordiales temperatæ, Diamargariton, Diamoscu, Diambra, Electuarij de Gemmis, Troches of Camphire, of Squills, of each two drams and an half, Troches of Vipers two ounces, the juice of Sorrel, Sow Thistles, Scordium, Vipers Bugloss, Borrage, Bawm, of each half a pound, Hypocistis two drams, of the best Treacle and Mithridate, of each six ounces, old Wine three pounds, of the best Sugar, or choice Honey eight pounds six ounces. These being all chosen and prepared with diligence and art, let them be made into an electuary just as Treacle or Mithridate is. The title shews you the scope of the author in compiling it, I believe it is excellent for those uses. The dose of this is from a scruple to four scruples, or a dram and an half: It provokes sweating abundantly, and in this or any other sweating medicine, order your body thus: Take it in bed, and cover yourself warm, in your sweating, drink posset-drink as hot as you can, if it be for a fever, boil Sorrel and red Sage in posset-drink, sweat an hour or two if your strength will bear it, then the chamber being kept very warm, shift yourself all but your head, about which (your cap which you sweat in being kept on) wrap a hot napkin, which will be a means to repel the vapours back. This I hold the best method for sweating in fevers and pestilences, in which this electuary is very good. I am very loth to leave out this medicine, which if it were stretched out, and cut in thongs, would reach round the world. Take of red Rose leaves, the whites being cut off, blue Violets, of each three drams, Opium of Thebes, dissolved in Wine, the seeds of white Henbane, Poppies white and black, the roots of Mandrakes, the seeds of Endive, Purslain, garden Lettuce, Psyllium, Spodium, Gum Tragacanth, of each two scruples and five grains, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Ginger, of each a dram and an half, Sanders, yellow, white, and red, of each a dram and an half, Sugar three times their weight, dissolved in Rose-water: mix them together, and make of them an electuary according to art. I like not the receipt taken inwardly. Take of the seeds of Saxifrage and Gromwell, juice of Liquorice, of each half an ounce, the seeds of Caraway, Annis, Smallage, Fennel, Parsley of Macedonia, Broom, Carrots, Bruscus, Asparagus, Lovage, Cummin, Juniper, Rue, Siler Mountain, the seeds of Acorus, Pennyroyal, Cinquefoyl, Bayberries, of each two drams, Indian Spikenard, Schœnanth, Amber, Valerian, Hog’s Fennel, Lapis Lincis, of each a dram and an half, Galanga, Ginger, Turbith, of each two drams, Sena an ounce, Goat’s blood prepared half an ounce, mix them together: first beat them into powder, then make them into an electuary according to art, with three times their weight in Sugar dissolved in white Wine. It is an excellent remedy for the stone and wind cholic, a dram of it taken every morning: I assure such as are troubled with such diseases, I commend it to them as a jewel. Take of Agarick three drams, our own blue Orris roots, Mastich, Horehound, of each one dram, Turbith five drams, Species Hiera Picra half an ounce, Colocynthis, Sarcocol, of each two drams, Myrrh one dram, Sapa as much as is sufficient to make it into a mass according to art. It was invented to cleanse the breast and lungs of flegm, it works pretty strongly. Half a dram at a time (keeping yourself warm,) cannot well do you harm, unless your body be very weak. Take of Citron, Myrobalans, Rhubarb, of each half an ounce, juice of Agrimony and Wormwood made thick, of each two drams, Diagridium five drams, Agarick, Colocynthis, Polypodium of each two drams, Turbith, Aloes, of each six drams, Mastich, red Roses, Fossil Salt Epithymum, Annis, Ginger, of each a dram, with Syrup of Damask Roses, make it into a mass according to art. It purges the head of choler, flegm and melancholy, and that stoutly: it is good against quotidian agues, and faults in the stomach and liver, yet because it is well corrected if you take but half a dram at a time, and keep yourself warm, I suppose you may take it without danger. Take of Cinnamon, Cloves, Cardamoms the less, Nutmegs, Mace, Calamus Aromaticus, Carpobalsamum, or Juniper berries, Squinanth, Wood of Aloes, yellow Sanders, red Roses dried, Wormwood, of each half an ounce, let the tincture be taken out of these, being grossly bruised in spirit of Wine, the vessel being close stopped; in three pounds of this tincture, being strained, dissolve Aloes one pound, which being dissolved, add Mastich, Myrrh, of each half an ounce, Saffron two drams, Balsam of Peru one dram, the superfluous liquor being consumed, either over hot ashes, or a bath, bring it into a mass of pills. It cleanses both stomach and brain of gross and putrified humours, and sets the senses free when they are thereby troubled, it cleanses the brain offended by ill humours, wind, et cetera helps vertigo and head-aches, and strengthens the brain exceedingly, helps concoction, and strengthens the stomach, one dram taken at night going to bed, will work gently next day: if the party be weak, you may give less, if strong more. If you take but half a dram, you may go abroad the next day: but if you take a dram, you may keep the house; there can be no harm in that. Take of Aloes washed with juice of red Roses, one ounce, Agarick three drams, Mastich two drams, Diamoscu Dulce half a dram, Syrup of Damask-roses, so much as is sufficient to make it into a mass according to art. It purges both brain, stomach, bowels, and eyes of putrified humours, and also strengthens them. Use these as the succeeding. Take of Aloes in powder four ounces, juice of Damask Roses clarified one pound, mix them and digest them in the sun, or in a bath, till the superfluous liquor be drawn off, digest it, and evaporate it four times over, and keep the mass. It is a gallant gentle purger of choler, frees the stomach from superfluous humours, opens stoppings, and other infirmities of the body proceeding from choler and flegm, as yellow jaundice, et cetera and strengthens the body exceedingly. Take a scruple, or half a dram at night going to bed, you may walk abroad, for it will hardly work till next day in the afternoon. Take of Aloes, Diacrydium, of each five drams, red Roses, Smallage seeds, of each two drams and an half, the seeds of Annis and Fennel, of each one dram and an half, Mastich, Saffron, Troch, Alhandal, of each one dram, with a sufficient quantity of Honey Roses, make it into a mass according to art. They are held to purge the head, to quicken the senses, especially the sight, and to expel wind from the bowels, but works something harshly. Half a dram is the utmost dose, keep the fire, take them in the morning, and sleep after them, they will work before noon. Take of Species, Hiera Picra, ten drams, Troch, Alhandal, three drams and an half, Diacrydium two drams and an half, Turbith, Stœchas, of each five drams, with a sufficient quantity of Syrup of Stœchas, make it into a mass, according to art. It is held to purge the head, but it is but a dogged purge at best, and must be given only to strong bodies, and but half a dram at a time, and yet with great care. Take of Aloes, Scammony, Colocynthis, of each one ounce, with equal parts of Syrup of Wormwood, and of purging thorn, make it into a mass according to art. Take of the Roots of Hound’s-tongue dried, white Henbane seed, Opium prepared, of each half an ounce, Myrrh six drams, Olibanum five drams, Saffron, Castoreum, Styrax, Calamitis, of each one dram and an half, with Syrup of Stœchas, make it into a mass. It stays hot rheums that fall down upon the lungs, therefore is good in phthisics, also it mitigates pain, a scruple is enough to take at a time going to bed, and too much if your body be weak: have a care of opiates for fear they make you sleep your last. Take of Colocynthis, and Scamony, of each one ounce, oil of Cloves as much as is sufficient to malax them well, then with a little Syrup of purging Thorn, make it into a mass. Take of the juice of Maudlin, and Wormwood made thick, Citron, Myrobalans, of each three drams, Rhubarb three drams and an half, Mastich one dram, Aloes five drams, Saffron half a dram, Syrup of the juice of Endive, as much as is sufficient to make it into a mass. It is a gallant gentle purge, and strengthening, fitted for such bodies as are much weakened by disease of choler. The author appropriates it to such as have tertian agues, the yellow jaundice, obstructions or stoppings of the liver; half a dram taken at night going to bed, will work with an ordinary body, the next day by noon. Take of Aloes, Colocynthis, Ammoniacum, Sagapen, Myrrh, Rue-seeds, Epithymum, of each five drams, Scamony three drams, the roots of Turbith half an ounce, the roots of Spurge the less prepared, Hermodactils of each two drams, Ginger one dram and an half, Spikenard, Cinnamon, Saffron, Castoreum, of each one dram, Euphorbium prepared two scruples, dissolve the Gums in juice of Leeks, and with Syrup made with the juice of Leeks and Sugar, make it into a mass. They purge gross and raw flegm, and diseases thereof arising; gouts of all sorts, pains in the back-bone, and other joints: it is good against leprosies, and other such like infirmities of the skin. I fancy not the receipt much. Take of Sagapen six drams, Opopanax three drams, melt them in warm juice of Coleworts, so much as is sufficient, then strain it through a convenient rag, afterwards boil it to a mean thickness, then take of Hermodactils, Aloes, Citron, Myrobalans, Turbith, Coloquintida, soft Bdellium, of each six drams, Euphorbium prepared, the seeds of Rue and Smallage, Castoreum, Sarcocol, of each three drams, Saffron one dram and an half, with the Syrup of the juice of Coleworts made with honey, make it into a mass according to art. They are good against the gout, and other cold afflictions of the joints. These are more moderate by half than Pilulæ Fœtidæ, and appropriated to the same diseases. Take of Species Hiera Picra, Agarick, of each half an ounce, Aloes one ounce, Honey Roses so much as is sufficient to make it into a mass according to art. Take of Aloes two ounces, Rhubarb one ounce and an half, Agarick, Sena, of each one ounce, Cinnamon three drams, Ginger two drams, Nutmegs, Cloves, Spikenard, Mastich, of each one dram with Syrup of Violets, make it into a mass according to art. It cleanses the body of mixt humours, and strengthens the stomach exceedingly, as also the bowels, liver, and natural spirits: it is good for cold natures, and cheers the spirits. The dose is a scruple or half a dram, taken at night. Take of Lapis Lazuli in powder and well washed, five drams, Epithymum, Polypodium, Agarick, of each an ounce, Scamony, black Hellebore roots, Fossil Salt of each two drams and an half, Cloves, Annis seeds, of each half an ounce, Species Hiera simple fifteen drams, with Syrup of the juice of Fumitory, make it into a mass according to art. It purges melancholy very violently. Take of Aloes two ounces, Mastich half an ounce, dried Marjoram two drams, Salt of Wormwood one dram, make them all, being in powder, into a mass according to art with juice of Coleworts and Sugar, so much as is sufficient. It strengthens both stomach and brain, especially the nerves and muscles, and eases them of such humours as afflict them, and hinder the motion of the body, they open obstructions of the liver and spleen, and takes away diseases thence coming. Take of Mastich two ounces, Aloes four ounces, Agarick, Species Hiera simple, of each one ounce and an half, with Syrup of Wormwood, make it into a mass according to art. They purge very gently, but strengthen much, both head, brain, eyes, belly, and reins. Take of Mechoacan roots half an ounce, Turbith three drams, the leaves of Spurge steeped in Vinegar and dried, the seeds of Walwort, Agarick trochiscated, of each two drams, Spurge roots prepared, Mastich, of each one dram and an half, Mace, Cinnamon, Fossil Salt of each two scruples, beat them into powder, and with white Wine, bring them into a mass. When it is dry, beat it into powder, and with Syrup made with the juice of Orris roots and sugar, make it the second time into a mass for pills. They purge flegm very violently. Take of Opopanax, Sagapen, Bdellium, Ammoniacum, Hermodactils, Coloquintida, of each five drams, Saffron, Castoreum, Myrrh, Ginger, white Pepper, Cassia Lignea, Citron, Myrobalans, of each one dram, Scamony two drams, Turbith half an ounce, Aloes an ounce and an half, the Gums being dissolved in clarified juice of Coleworts, with Syrup of the juice of Coleworts, make them into a mass according to art. It helps tremblings, palsies, gouts of all sorts, cleanses the joints, and is helpful for such as are troubled with cold afflictions of the nerves. It works violently. Take of Coloquintida six drams, Agarick, Scamony, the roots of black Hellebore, and Turbith, of each half an ounce, Aloes one ounce, Diarrhodon Abbatis half an ounce, let all of them (the Diarrh. Abbatis excepted) be grossly bruised, and infused eight days in the best spirits of Wine in a vessel close stopped, in the sun, so that the liquor may swim at top the breadth of six fingers: afterwards infuse the Diarrhodon Abbatis in the same manner four days in Aqua vitæ, then having strained and pressed them hard, mix them both together, casting the dross away, and draw off the moisture in a glass Alembick, and let the thick matter remain in a mass. It cleanses both head and body of choler, flegm, and melancholy: it must not be taken in any great quantity, half a dram is sufficient for the strongest body. Take of Aloes two ounces, Myrrh one ounce, Saffron half an ounce, with Syrup of the juice of Lemons, make it into a mass according to art. A scruple taken at night going to bed, is an excellent preservative in pestilential times; also they cleanse the body of such humours as are gotten by surfeits, they strengthen the heart, and weak stomachs, and work so easily that you need not fear following your business the next day. Take of washed Aloes fourteen drams, Scammony prepared six drams, Agarick, Rhubarb, Sena, of each half an ounce, Wormwood, red Roses exungulated, Violet flowers, Dodder, Mastich, of each one dram, salt of Wormwood, of each half a dram, with Syrup of the juice of Fennel made with Honey, make it into a mass according to art. It purges flegm, choler, and melancholy from the head, makes the sight and hearing good, and gives ease to a burdened brain. Take of Aloes six drams, Mastich, red Roses, of each two drams, with Syrup of Wormwood, make it into a mass according to art. They cleanse and strengthen the stomach, they cleanse but gently, strengthen much, help digestion. Take of Aloes an ounce, Sena five drams, Gum Amoniacum dissolved in Elder-flower Vinegar half an ounce, Mastich, Myrrh, of each a dram and an half, Saffron, salt of Wormwood, of each half a dram, with Syrup of purging Thorn, make it into a mass according to art. They work more strongly than the former. Take of Styrax Calamitis, Olibanum, Myrrh, juice of Liquorice, Opium, of each half an ounce, with Syrup of white Poppies, make it into a mass according to art. They help such as are troubled with defluxion of rheum, coughs, and provoke sleep to such as cannot sleep for coughing. Take of white Amber, Mastich, of each two drams, Aloes five drams, Agaric a dram and an half, long Birthwort half a dram, with Syrup of Wormwood make it into a mass. It amends the evil state of a woman’s body, strengthens conception, and takes away what hinders it; it gently purges choler and flegm, and leaves a binding, strengthening quality behind it. Take of Mastich two ounces, Aloes four ounces, Agarick, Hiera simple, of each an ounce and an half, Rhubarb two ounces, Cinnamon two drams, with Syrup of Succory, make it into a mass according to art. They gently purge choler, and help diseases thence arising, as itch, scabs, wheals, et cetera They strengthen the stomach and liver, and open obstructions, as also help the yellow jaundice. Take of Turbith two ounces, Aloes an ounce and an half, Citron Myrobalans ten drams, red Roses, Mastich, of each six drams, Saffron three drams, beat them all into powder, and with Syrup of Wormwood bring them into a mass. They purge choler and flegm, and that with as much gentleness as can be desired; also they strengthen the stomach and liver, and help digestion. Take of Thebane Opium extracted in spirit of Wine, one ounce, Saffron alike extracted, a dram and an half, Castorium one dram: let them be taken in tincture of half an ounce of species Diambræ newly made in spirit of Wine, add to them Ambergris, Musk, of each six grains, oil of Nutmegs ten drops, evaporate the moisture away in a bath, and leave the mass. It was invented (and a gallant invention it is) to mitigate violent pains, stop the fumes that trouble the brain in fevers, (but beware of Opiates in the beginning of fevers) to provoke sleep, take not above two grains of it at a time, going to bed; if that provoke not sleep, the next night you may make bold with three. Have a care how you be too busy with such medicines, lest you make a man sleep to doom’s-day. Take of tincture of Opium made first with distilled Vinegar, then with spirit of Wine, Saffron extracted in spirit of Wine, of each an ounce, salt of Pearl and Coral, of each half an ounce, tincture of species Diambræ seven drams, Ambergris one dram: bring them into the form of Pills by the gentle heat of a bath. The operation is like the former. Take of Species Hiera Picra Galeni one ounce, Mastich, Citron Myrobalans, of each half an ounce, Aloes two ounces, the Syrup of Stœchas as much as is sufficient, make of them a mass according to art. It purges choler and flegm, and strengthens the whole body exceedingly, being very precious for such whose bodies are weakened by surfeits, or ill diet, to take half a dram or a scruple at night going to bed. Take of Bdellium ten drams, Myrobalans, Bellericks, Emblicks, and Blacks, of each five drams, flakes of Iron, Leek seeds, of each three drams, Choncula Veneris burnt, Coral burnt, Amber, of each a dram and an half, Pearls half an ounce, dissolve the Bdellium in juice of Leeks and with so much Syrup of juice of Leeks as is sufficient, make it into a mass according to art. Both this and the former are seldom used, and therefore are hardly to be had. Take of choice Rhubarb three drams, Citron Myrobalans, Trochisci Diarrhodon, of each three drams and an half, juice of Liquorice, and juice of Wormwood, Mastich, of each one dram, the seeds of Smallage and Fennel, of each half a dram, Species Hiera Picra simp. Galeni, ten drams, with juice of Fennel not clarified, and Honey so much as is sufficient, make it into a mass. It purges choler, opens obstructions of the liver, helps the yellow jaundice, and dropsies in the beginning, strengthens the stomach and lungs. Take of the best Aloes four ounces, Briony roots, Myrobalans, Citrons, Chebs, Indian Bellerick, and Emblick, Mastich, Diagrydium, Asarabacca, Roses, of each an ounce, Castorium three drams, Saffron one dram, with Syrup of Wormwood, make it into a mass according to art. It helps such women as are not sufficiently purged in their labour, helps to bring away what a careless midwife hath left behind, purges the head, helps head-ach, megrim, vertigo, and purges the stomach of vicious humours. Take of Hermodactils, Turbith, Agarick, of each half an ounce, Cassia Lignea, Indian Spikenard, Cloves, Xylobalsamum, or Wood of Aloes, Carpobalsamum or Cubebs, Mace, Galanga, Ginger, Mastich, Assafœtida, the seeds of Annis, Fennel, Saxifrage, Sparagus, Bruscus, Roses, Gromwell, Fossil Salt of each two drams, Scammony one ounce, of the best Aloes, the weight of them all, juice of Chamepitys made thick with sugar, so much as is sufficient: or Syrup of the juice of the same, so much as is sufficient to make it into a mass. It helps the gout, and other pains in the joints, comforts and strengthens both brain and stomach, and consumes diseases whose original comes of flegm. Take of the powder of the Pills before prescribed, the powder of the bark of the roots of black Hellebore, one ounce: make it into a mass with Syrup of Stœchas according to art. Take of Myrobalans, Citrons, Chebs, and Indian Diagrydium, of each five drams, Aloes seven drams; let all of them being bruised, be thrice moistened with juice of Fumitory, and thrice suffered to dry, then brought into a mass with Syrup of Fumitory. It purges melancholy. Be not too busy with it I beseech you. Take of Indian Myrobalans, black Hellebore, Polypodium of the Oak, of each five drams, Epithymum, Stœchas, of each six drams, Agarick, Lapis Lazuli often washed troches Alhandal, Sal Indi, of each half an ounce, juice of Maudlin made thick, Indian Spikenard, of each two drams, Cloves one dram, Species Hiera Picra simplex Galeni, twelve drams, with juice of Smallage make it into a mass according to art. It wonderfully prevails against afflictions coming of melancholy, cancers which are not ulcerated, leprosy, evils of the mind coming of melancholy, as sadness, fear, et cetera quartan agues, jaundice, pains and infirmities of the spleen. Take of Roses, Violets, Wormwood, Colocynthis, Turbith, Cubebs, Calamus Aromaticus, Nutmegs, Indian Spikenard, Epithimum, Carpobalsamum, or instead thereof, Cardamoms, Xylabalsamum, or Wood of Aloes, the seeds of Seseli or Hartwort, Rue, Annis, Fennel and Smallage, Schænanthus, Mastich, Asarabacca roots, Cloves, Cinnamon, Cassia Lignea, Saffron, Mace, of each two drams, Myrobalans, Citrons, Chebuls, Indian Bellerick, and Emblick, Rhubarb, of each half an ounce, Agarick, Sena, of each five drams, Aloes Succotrina, the weight of them all: with Syrup of the juice of Fennel make it into a mass according to art. It purges mixt humours from the head, and clears it of such excrements as hinder the sight. Take of the bark of the roots of Spurge the less, steeped twenty-four hours in Vinegar and juice of Purslain, two drams, grains of Palma Christi torrified, by number, forty, Citron Myrobalans one dram and an half, Germander, Chamepitys, Spikenard, Cinnamon, of each two scruples, being beaten into fine powder with an ounce of Gum Tragacanth dissolved in Rose Water, and Syrup of Roses so much as is sufficient, let it be made into a mass. Take of Euphorbium, Colocynthis, Agarick, Bdellium, Sagapenum, of each two drams, Aloes five drams, with Syrup made of the juice of Leeks, make it into a mass. The Pills are exceeding good for dropsies, pains in the loins, and gouts coming of a moist cause. Take not above half a dram at a time and keep the house. Take of Sagapen, and Myrrh, of each two drams, Opium, Cardamoms, Castorium, of each one dram, white Pepper half a dram, Sapa so much as is sufficient to make it into a mass according to art. It is appropriated to such as have phthisicks, and such as spit blood, but ought to be newly made, a scruple is sufficient taken going to bed. Take of red Roses, Wormwood leaves, Annis seeds, of each two drams, juice of Maudlin made thick, the roots of Asarabacca, Rhubarb, Spikenard, Smallage seeds, bitter Almonds, Mastich, Mace, of each one dram, juice of Succory so much as is sufficient to make it into troches according to art. They strengthen the stomach exceedingly, open obstructions, or stoppings of the belly and bowels: strengthen digestion, open the passages of the liver, help the yellow jaundice, and consume watery superfluities of the body. They are somewhat bitter, and seldom taken alone; if your pallate affect bitter things, you may take a dram of them in the morning: They cleanse the body of choler, but purge not, or not to any purpose. Take of Agarick sifted and powdered, three ounces, steep it in a sufficient quantity of white Wine, in which two drams of ginger have been infused, and make it into troches. Take of Ceruss washed in Rosewater ten drams, Sarcocol three drams, white Starch two drams, Gum Arabic and Tragacanth, of each one dram, Camphire half a dram, either with Rosewater, or women’s milk, or make it into troches according to art. Take of Zedoary roots, powder of Crab’s Claws, of each one dram, and an half, the outward Citron preserved and dried, Angelica seeds, Pills, of each one dram, Bole-amoniac half a dram, with their treble weight in sugar make them into powder, and with a sufficient quantity of Mussilage of Gum Tragacanth, made into treacle water distilled, make it into paste, of which make troches. This preserves the body from ill airs, and epidemical diseases, as the pestilence, small pox, et cetera and strengthens the heart exceedingly, eating now and then a little: you may safely keep any troches in your pocket, for the drier you keep them, the better they are. Take of Coloquintida freed from the seeds and cut small, and rubbed with an ounce of oil of Roses, then beaten into fine powder, ten ounces, Gum Arabic, Tragacanth, Bdellium, of each six drams. Steep the Gums three or four days in a sufficient quantity of Rose-water till they be melted, then with the aforesaid pulp, and part of the said mussilage, let them be dried in the shadow, then beaten again, and with the rest of the mussilage, make it up again, dry them and keep them for use. They are too violent for a vulgar use. Take of Labdanum bruised three ounces, Styrax Calamitis one ounce and an half, Benjamin one ounce, Wood of Aloes two drams, Ambergris one dram, Camphire half a dram, Musk half a scruple, with a sufficient quantity of Rose-water, make it into troches according to art. It is singularly good for such as are asthmatic, and can hardly fetch their breath; as also for young children, whose throat is so narrow that they can hardly swallow down their milk. Take of Winter Cherries three drams, Gum Arabic, Tragacanth, Olibanum, Dragon’s-blood, Pine-nuts, bitter Almonds, white Styrax, juice of Liquorice, Bole-ammoniac, white Poppy seeds, of each six drams, the seeds of Melons, Cucumbers, Citruls, Gourds, of each three drams and an half, the seeds of Smallage and white Henbane, Amber, Earth of Lemnos, Opium, of each two drams, with juice of fresh Winter-Cherries, make them into troches according to art. They potently provoke urine, and break the stone. Mix them with other medicine of that nature, half a dram at a time, or a dram if age permit. Take of white Sugar one pound, white Sugar Candy, Penids, of each four ounces, Orris Florentine one ounce, Liquorice six drams, white Starch one ounce and an half, with a sufficient quantity of mussilage of Gum Tragacanth made in Rose Water, make them into small troches. You may add four grains of Ambergris, and three grains of Musk to them, if occasion serve. Take of juice of Liquorice, white Sugar, of each one dram, Gum Tragacanth, sweet Almonds blanched, of each six drams, with a sufficient quantity of mussilage of Quince seeds, made thick with Rose Water. Make them into troches according to art. Both this and the former will melt in ones mouth, and in that manner to be used by such as are troubled with coughs, cold, hoarseness, or want of voice. The former is most in use, but in my opinion, the latter is most effectual. Take of juice of Barberries, and Liquorice made thick, Spodium, Purslain seeds, of each three drams, red Roses, six drams, Indian Spikenard, Saffron, white Starch, Gum Tragacanth, of each a dram, Citrul seeds cleansed three drams and an half, Camphire half a dram; with Manna dissolved in juice of Barberries, make them into troches according to art. They wonderfully cool the heat of the liver, reins, and bladder, breast, and stomach, and stop looseness, cools the heat of fevers. Take of Camphire half a dram, Saffron two drams, white Starch three drams, red Roses, Gum Arabic, and Tragacanth, Ivory, of each half an ounce, the seeds of Cucumbers husked, of Purslain, Liquorice, of each an ounce, with mussilage of the seeds of Fleawort, drawn in Rose-water, make them into troches. It is exceeding good in burning fevers, heat of blood and choler, together with hot distempers of the stomach and liver, and extreme thirst coming thereby, also it is good against the yellow jaundice, phthisics, and hectic fevers. Take of the bark of Caper roots, the seeds of Agnus Castus, of each six drams, Ammoniacum half an ounce, the seeds of Water Cresses and Nigella, the leaves of Calaminth and Rue, the roots of Acorus and long Birthwort, the juice of Maudlin made thick, bitter Almonds, of each two drams, Hart’s-tongue, the roots of round Cypress, Madder, Gum Lac. of each one dram: being bruised let them be made into troches according to art, with Ammoniacum dissolved in Vinegar, and boiled to the thickness of Honey. They open stoppings of the liver and spleen, and help diseases thereof coming; as rickets, hypochondriac melancholy, et cetera Men may take a dram, children a scruple in the morning. Take of Amber an ounce, Hart’s-horn burnt, Gum Arabic burnt, red Coral burnt, Tragacanth, Acacia, Hypocistis, Balaustines, Mastich, Gum Lacca washed, black Poppy seeds roasted, of each two drams and two scruples, Frankincense, Saffron, Opium, of each two drams, with a sufficient quantity of mussilage of the seeds of Fleawort drawn in Plantain Water, make them into troches according to art. They were invented to stop fluxes of blood in any part of the body, the menses, the hæmorrhoids or piles; they also help ulcers in the breast and lungs. The dose is from ten grains to a scruple. Take of pulp of Raisins of the Sun, Cypress, Turpentine, of each three ounces, Myrrh, Squinanth, of each an ounce and an half, Cinnamon half an ounce, Calamus Aromaticus nine drams, the roots of round Cypress, and Indian Spikenard, Cassia Lignea, Juniper berries, Bdellium, Aspalthus or Wood of Aloes, two drams and an half, Saffron one dram, clarified Honey as much as is sufficient, Canary Wine a little: let the Myrrh and Bdellium be ground in a mortar with the wine, to the thickness of liquid Honey, then add the Turpentine, then the pulp of Raisins, then the powders: at last with the Honey, let them all be made into troches. It is excellently good against inward ulcers in what part of the body soever they be. It is chiefly used in compositions, as Treacle and Mithridate. Take of the juice of Maudlin made thick, Manna, of each an ounce, red Roses half an ounce, Spodium three drams and an half, Spikenard three drams, Rhubarb, Asarabacca roots, Annis seeds, of each two drams. Let the Nard, Annis seeds, and Roses, be beaten together, the Spodium, Asarabacca, and Rhubarb by themselves, then mix the Manna and juice of Maudlin in a mortar, add the powders, and with new juice make it into troches. Obstructions, or stoppings, and swelling above nature, both of the liver and spleen, are cured by the inward taking of these troches, and diseases thereof coming, as yellow and black jaundice, the beginning of dropsies, et cetera Take of Wood of Aloes five drams, Ambergris three drams, Musk one dram, with mussilage of Gum Tragacanth made in Rose Water, make it into troches according to art. They strengthen the brain and heart, and by consequence both vital and animal spirits, and cause a sweet breath. They are of an extreme price, therefore I pass by the dose. Take of the four greater cold seeds husked, the seeds of white Poppies, Mallows, Cotton, Purslain, Quinces, Mirtles, Gum Tragacanth, and Arabic, Fistic-nuts, Pine-nuts, Sugar-candy, Penids, Liquorice, French-barley, mussilage of Fleawort seeds, sweet Almonds blanched, of each two drams, Bole-ammoniac, Dragon’s-blood, Spodium, red Roses, Myrrh, of each half an ounce, with a sufficient quantity of Hydromel, make it into troches according to art. They are held to be very good in ulcers of the bladder, and all other inward ulcers whatsoever, and ease fevers coming thereby, being of a fine cooling, slippery heating nature. Take of Aspalthus, or yellow Sanders, the leaves of Mastich, the roots of Asarabacca, of each two drams, Rhupontic, Castus, Calamus Aromaticus, Wood of Aloes, Cinnamon, Squinanth, Opobalsamum or oil of Nutmegs by expression, of each three drams, Cassia Lignea, Indian Leaf or Mace, Indian Spikenard, Myrrh, Saffron, of each six drams, Amomus, or Cardamoms the less, an ounce and an half, Mastich a dram, Canary Wine as much as is sufficient. Let the Myrrh be dissolved in the wine, then add the Mastich and Saffron well beaten, then the Opobalsamum, then the rest in powder, and with the wine, make them up into troches, and dry them gently. They are very seldom or never used but in other compositions, yet naturally they heat cold stomachs, help digestion, strengthen the heart and brain. Take of Asafœtida, Galbanum, of each two drams and an half, Myrrh two drams, Castoreum a dram and an half, the roots of Asarabacca and long Birthwort, the leaves of Savin, Featherfew, Nep, of each one dram, Dittany half a dram, with either the juice or decoction of Rue, make it into troches according to art. These are applied to the fœminine gender, help fits of the mother, expel both birth and after-birth, cleanse women after labour, and expel the relics of a careless midwife. Take of Wood of Aloes, red Roses, of each two drams, Mastich, Cinnamon, Cloves, Indian Spikenard, Nutmegs, Parsnip seed, Cardamoms the greater and lesser, Cubebs, Gallia Moschata, Citron Pills, Mace, of each one dram and an half, Ambergris, Musk, of each half a scruple, with Honey of Raisins make it into troches. It strengthens the heart, stomach, and liver, takes away heart-qualms, faintings, and stinking breath, and resists the dropsy. Take of Myrrh three drams, the Meal of Lupines five drams, Madder roots, the leaves of Rue, wild Mints, Dittany of Crete, Cummin seeds, Asafœtida, Sagapen, Opopanax, of each two drams, dissolve the Gums in Wine wherein Mugwort hath been boiled, or else Juniper-berries, then add the rest, and with juice of Mugwort, make it into troches according to art. They provoke the menses, and that with great ease to such as have them come down with pain. Take a dram of them beaten into powder, in a spoonful or two of Syrup of Mugwort, or any other composition tending to the same purpose. Take of Lead burnt and washed, Brass burnt, Antimony, Tutty washed, Gum Arabic and Tragacanth of each an ounce, Opium half a dram, with Rose-water, make them, being beaten and sifted, into troches. Take of Pomegranate flowers twelve drams, Roach Album three drams, Frankincense, Myrrh, of each half an ounce, Chalcanthum two drams, Bull’s gall six drams, Aloes an ounce, with austere Wine, or juice of Nightshade or Plantain, make them into troches according to art. They are very good they say, being outwardly applied, both in green wounds and ulcers. I fancy them not. Take of Rhubarb ten drams, juice of Maudlin made thick, bitter Almonds, of each half an ounce, red Roses three drams, the roots of Asarabacca, Madder, Indian Spikenard, the leaves of Wormwood, the seeds of Annis and Smallage, of each one dram, with Wine in which Wormwood hath been boiled, make them into troches according to art. They gently cleanse the liver, help the yellow jaundice, and other diseases coming of choler and stoppage of the liver. Take of the three Sanders, of each one ounce, the seeds of Cucumbers, Gourds, Citruls, Purslain, Spodium, of each half an ounce, red Roses seven drams, juice of Barberries six drams, Bole-ammoniac half an ounce, Camphire one dram, with Purslain Water make it into troches. The virtues are the same with troches of Spodium, both of them harmless. Take a Squil gathered about the beginning of July, of a middle bigness, and the hard part to which the small roots stick, wrap it up in paste, and bake it in an oven, till the paste be dry, and the Squil tender, which you may know by piercing it with a wooden skewer, or a bodkin, then take it out and bruise it in a mortar, adding to every pound of the Squil, eight ounces of white Orobus, or red Cicers in powder, then make it into troches, of the weight of two drams a piece, (your hands being anointed with Oil of Roses) dry them on the top of the house, opening towards the South, in the shadow, often turning them till they be well dry, then keep them in a pewter or glass vessel. Take of red Roses twelve drams, Spodium ten drams, Sorrel seed six drams, the seeds of Purslain and Coriander, steeped in Vinegar and dried, pulp of Sumach, of each two drams and an half, white Starch roasted, Balaustines, Barberries, of each two drams, Gum Arabic roasted one dram and an half, with juice of unripe Grapes, make it into troches. They are of a fine cooling binding nature, excellent in fevers coming of choler, especially if they be accompanied with a looseness, they also quench thirst. Take of Earth of Lemnos, Bole-ammoniac, Acacia, Hypocystis, Gum Arabic toasted, Dragon’s blood, white Starch, red Roses, Rose seeds, Lap. Hematitis, red Coral, Amber, Balaustines, Spodium, Purslain seeds a little toasted, Olibanum, Hart’s-horn burnt, Cypress Nuts, Saffron of each two drams, black Poppy seeds, Tragacanth, Pearls, of each one dram and an half, Opium prepared one dram, with juice of Plantain, make it into troches. Take of Frankincense, Lap. Calaminaris, Pompholix, of each ten drams, Cyrus forty drams, Gum Arabic, Opium, of each six drams, with fair water make it into balls: dry them and keep them for use. Take of Violet flowers meanly dry, six drams, Turbith one ounce and an half, juice of Liquorice, Scammony, Manna, of each two drams, with Syrup of Violets, make it into troches. They are not worth talking of, much less worth cost, the cost and labour of making. Take of the flesh of Vipers, the skin, entrails, head, fat, and tail being taken away, boiled in water with Dill, and a little salt, eight ounces, white bread twice baked, grated and sifted, two ounces, make it into troches, your hands being anointed with Opobalsamum, or Oil of Nutmegs by expression, dry them upon a sieve turned the bottom upwards in an open place, often turning them till they are well dried, then put them in a glass or stone pot glazed, stopped close, they will keep a year, yet is it far better to make Treacle, not long after you have made them. They expel poison, and are excellently good, by a certain sympathetical virtue, for such as are bitten by an adder. Take of the seeds of Agnus Castus, Lettuce, red Rose flowers, Balaustins, of each a dram, Ivory, white Amber, Bole-ammoniac washed in Knotgrass Water two drams, Plantain seeds four scruples, Sassafras two scruples, with mussilage of Quince seeds, extracted in water of Water-lily flowers, let them be made into troches. Very pretty troches and good for little. Take of the roots of Gentian, Tormentil, Orris Florentine, Zedoary, of each two drams, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, of each half a dram, Angelica roots three drams, Coriander seeds prepared, Roses, of each one dram, dried Citron pills two drams, beat them all into powder, and with juice of Liquorice softened in Hippocras, six ounces, make them into soft paste, which you may form into either troches or small rolls, which you please. It preserves and strengthens the heart exceedingly, helps faintings and failings of the vital spirits, resists poison and the pestilence, and is an excellent medicine for such to carry about them whose occasions are to travel in pestilential places and corrupt air, only taking a very small quantity now and then. Take of Annis seeds, the juice of Maudlin made thick, of each two drams, the seeds of Dill, Spikenard, Mastich, Indian leaf or Mace, the leaves of Wormwood, Asarabacca, Smallage, bitter Almonds, of each half a dram, Aloes two drams, juice of Wormwood so much as is sufficient to make it into troches according to art. They open obstructions of the liver, and that very gently, and therefore diseases coming thereof, help quartan agues. You can scarce do amiss in taking them if they please but your palate. Take of the flowers of red Roses six drams, Spikenard, Wood of Aloes, of each two drams, Liquorice three drams, Spodium one dram, Saffron half a dram, Mastich two drams, make them up into troches with white Wine according to art. They wonderfully ease fevers coming of flegm, as quotidian fevers, agues, epiatos, et cetera pains in the belly. Take of Gum Lacca cleansed, the juice of Liquorice, Maudlin, Wormwood, and Barberries, all made thick, Rhubarb, long Birthwort, Costus, Asarabacca, bitter Almonds, Madder, Annis, Smallage, Schænanth, of each one dram, with the decoction of Birthwort, Schænanth, or the juice of Maudlin, or Wormwood, make them into troches according to art. It helps stoppings of the liver and spleen, and fevers thence coming, it expels wind, purges by urine, and resists dropsies. Take of Pomegranate flowers ten drams, Copperas twelve drams, unripe Galls, Birthwort, Frankincense, of each an ounce, Alum, Myrrh, of each half an ounce, Misy two drams, with eighteen ounces of austere Wine, make it into troches according to art. This also is appropriated to wounds, ulcers, and fistulas, it clears the ears, and represses all excressences of flesh, cleanses the filth of the bones. Take of Alum, Aloes, Copperas, Myrrh, of each six drams, Crocomagma, Saffron, of each three drams, Pomegranate flowers half an ounce, Wine and Honey, of each so much as is sufficient to make it up into troches according to art. Their use is the same with the former. Take of Saffron an hundred drams, red Roses, Myrrh, of each fifty drams, white Starch, Gum, of each thirty drams, Wine, so much as is sufficient to make it into troches. It is very expulsive, heats and strengthens the heart and stomach. Take of the juice of Sorrel sixteen ounces, red Rose Leaves, an ounce, Myrtle Berries two ounces, boil them a little together, and strain them, add to the decoction, Galls well beaten, three ounces, boil them again a little, then put in these following things, in fine powder: take of red Roses an ounce, yellow Sanders, ten drams, Gum Arabic an ounce and an half, Sumach, Spodium, of each an ounce, Myrtle berries four ounces, Wood of Aloes, Cloves, Mace, Nutmegs, of each half an ounce, sour Grapes seven drams, mix them all together, and let them dry upon a stone, and grind them again into powder, and make them into small troches with one dram of Camphire, and so much Rose Water as is sufficient, and perfume them with fifteen grains of Musk. They strengthen the stomach, heart, and liver, as also the bowels, they help the cholic, and fluxes of blood, as also bleeding at the nose if you snuff up the powder of them, disburden the body of salt, fretting, choleric humours. You may carry them about you, and take them at your pleasure. Take of red Roses half an ounce, Wood of Aloes two drams, Mastich, a dram and an half, Roman Wormwood, Cinnamon, Indian Spikenard, Cassia Lignea, Schœnanth, of each one dram, old Wine, and decoction of the five opening roots, so much as is sufficient to make it into troches according to art. They help pains in the stomach, and indigestion, the illiac passion, hectic fevers, and dropsies, in the beginning, and cause a good colour. Take of Bole-ammoniac, red Coral, of each an ounce, Balaustines, Terra Lemnia, white Starch, of each half an ounce, Hypocistis, the seeds of Henbane, Opium, of each two drams, juice of Plantain so much as is sufficient to make them into troches according to art. These also stop blood, help the bloody flux, stop the menses, and are a great help to such whose stomachs loath their victuals. I fancy them not. Take of the seeds of Smallage, and Bishop’s weed, of each an ounce, Annis and Fennel seeds, of each half an ounce, Opium, Cassia Lignea, of each two drams, with rain water, make it into troches according to art. These also bind, ease pain, help the pleurisy. Take of white Starch, Balaustines, Earth of Samos, juice of Hypocystis, Gum, Saffron, Opium, of each two drams, with juice of Plantain, make them into troches according to art. The operation of this is like the former. Take of choice Agarick three ounces, Fossil Salt six drams, Ginger two drams, with Oxymel simplex, so much as is sufficient, make it into troches according to art. Take of Sweet Almonds not corrupted, as many as you will, cast the shells away, and blanch them, beat them in a stone mortar, beat them in a double vessel, and press out the oil without heat. It helps roughness and soreness of the throat and stomach, helps pleurisies, encreases seed, eases coughs and hectic fevers, by injection it helps such whose water scalds them; ulcers in the bladder, reins, and matrix. You may either take half an ounce of it by itself, or mix it with half an ounce of Syrup of Violets, and so take a spoonful at a time, still shaking them together when you take them: only take notice of this, if you take it inwardly, let it be new drawn, for it will be sour in three or four days. It is made like Oil of sweet Almonds, but that you need not blanch them, nor have such a care of heat in pressing out the oil. It opens stoppings, helps such as are deaf, being dropped into their ears, it helps the hardness of the nerves, and takes away spots in the face. It is seldom or never taken inwardly. It is made of the Kernels, cleansed, bruised, and beat, and pressed like Oil of sweet Almonds. You must put them in a vessel (viz. a glass, or some such thing) and stop them close that the water come not to them when you put them into the bath. The oil is good for cold afflictions of the nerves, the gout in the joints, et cetera So is Oil of Been, Oil of Nutmegs, and Oil of Mace drawn. Is prepared of Walnut Kernels, in like manner, save only that in the making of this sometimes is required dried, old, and rank Nuts. Is prepared in the same manner of Apricots, so is also Oils of the Kernels of Cherry stones, Peaches, Pine-nuts, Fistic Nuts, Prunes, the seeds of Oranges, Hemp, Bastard Saffron, Citrons, Cucumbers, Gourds, Citruls, Dwarf Elder, Henbane, Lettuce, Flax, Melons, Poppy, Parsley, Radishes, Rape, Ricinum, Sesani, Mustard seed, and Grape stones. Because most of these Oils are out of use, I took not the pains to quote the virtues of them; if any wish to make them, let them look to the simples, and there they have them; if the simples be not to be found in this book, there are other plentiful medicines conducing to the cure of all usual diseases; which are— Take of Bay-berries, fresh and ripe, so many as you please, bruise them sufficiently, then boil them in a sufficient quantity of water till the Oil swim at top, which separate from the water, and keep for your use. It helps the cholic, and is a sovereign remedy for any diseases in any part of the body coming either of wind or cold. Common Oil of Olives, is pressed out of ripe olives, not out of the stones. Oil of Olives omphacine, is pressed out of unripe olives. Boil the yolks till they be hard, and bruise them with your hand or with a pestle and mortar; beat them in an earthen vessel glazed until they begin to froth, stirring them diligently that they burn not, being hot, put them in a linen bag, and sprinkle them with Aromatic Wine, and press out the oil according to art. It is profitable in fistulas, and malignant ulcers, it causes the hair to grow, it clears the skin, and takes away deformities thereof, viz. tetters, ringworms, morphew, scabs. Take of red Roses before they be ripe, bruised in a stone mortar, four ounces, oil Omphacine one pound, set them in a hot sun, in a glass close stopped, a whole week, shaking them every day, then boil them gently in a bath, press them out, and put in others, use them in like manner, do so a third time: then keep the Oil upon a pound of juice of Roses. Is made in the same manner, with sweet and ripe oil, often washed, and red Roses fully open, bruised, set in the sun, and boiled gently in a double vessel, only let the third infusion stand in the sun forty days, then keep the roses and oil together. In the same manner is made Oil of Wormwood, of the tops of common Wormwood thrice repeated, four ounces, and three pounds of ripe oil; only, the last time put in four ounces of the juice of Wormwood, which evaporate away by gentle boiling. Oil of Dill: Of the flowers and leaves of Dill four ounces, complete oil, one pound, thrice repeated. Oil of Castoreum: Of one ounce of Castoreum oil one pound, Wine four ounces, which must be consumed with the heat of a bath. Oil of Chamomel (which more than one call Holy) of complete oil, and fresh Chamomel flowers, the little white leaves taken away, cut, bruised, and the vessel covered with a thin linen cloth, set in the sun, pressed out, and three times repeated. Oil of Wall-flowers, as oil of Dill. Oil of Quinces: Of six parts of oil Omphacine, the meat and juice of Quinces one part, set them in the sun fifteen days in a glass, and afterwards boil them four hours in a double vessel, press them out, and renew them three times. Oil of Elecampane: Of ripe oil, and the roots of Elecampane bruised, and their juice, of each one part, and of generous Wine half a part, which is to be evaporated away. Oil of Euphorbium: Of six drams of Euphorbium, Oil of Wall-flowers, and sweet Wine, of each five ounces, boiling it in a double vessel till the Wine be consumed. Oil of Ants: Of winged Ants infused in four times their weight of sweet oil, set in the sun in a glass forty days, and then strain it out. Oil, or Balsam of St. John’s Wort simple, is made of the oil of seeds beaten and pressed, and the flowers being added, and rightly set in the sun. Oil of Jesmine, is made of the flowers of Jesmine, put in clear oil, and set in the sun and afterwards pressed out. Oil of Orris, made of the roots of Orris Florentine one pound, purple Orris flowers half a pound: boil them in a double vessel in a sufficient quantity of decoction of Orris Florentine, and six pounds of sweet oil, putting fresh roots and flowers again and again; the former being cast away as in oil of Roses. Oil of Earthworms, is made of half a pound of Earthworms washed in white Wine, ripe Oil two pounds, boiled in a double vessel with eight ounces of good white Wine till the Wine be consumed. Oil of Marjoram, is made with four ounces of the herb a little bruised, white Wine six ounces, ripe oil a pound, mixed together, let them be set in the sun repeated three times; at last boiled to the consumption of the Wine. Oil of Mastich, is made of oil of Roses omphacine one pound, Mastich three ounces, Wine four ounces: boil them in a double vessel to the consumption of the Wine. Oil of Melilot is made with the tops of the herb like oil of Chamomel. Oil of Mints is made of the herb and oil omphacine, as oil of Roses. Oil of Mirtles, is made of Mirtle berries bruised and sprinkled with sharp Wine one part, oil omphacine three parts; set it in the sun twenty-four days, and in the interim thrice renewed, boiled, and the berries pressed out. Oil of Daffodils is made as oil of Roses. Nard Oil is made of three ounces of Spikenard, sweet oil one pound and an half, sweet white Wine and clear water, of each two ounces and an half, boiled to the consumption of the moisture. Oil of Water-lilies, is made of fresh white Water-lily flowers, one part, oil omphacine three parts, repeating the flowers as in oil of Roses. Oil of Tobacco is made of the juice of Tobacco, and common oil, of each equal parts boiled in a bath. Oil of Poppies, is made of the flowers, heads, and leaves of garden Poppies, and oil omphacine, as oil of Dill. Oil of Poplars, is made of the buds of the Poplar tree three parts, rich white Wine four parts, sweet oil seven parts; first let the buds be bruised, then infused in the Wine and oil seven days, then boiled, then pressed out. Oil of Rue, is made of the herb bruised, and ripe oil, like oil of Roses. Oil of Savin is made in the same manner. So also is Oil of Elder flowers made. Oil of Scorpions, is made of thirty live Scorpions, caught when the sun is in the lion; oil of bitter Almonds two pounds, let them be set in the sun, and after forty days strained. Oleum Cicyonium, is made of wild Cucumber roots, and their juice, of each equal parts; with twice as much ripe oil, boil it to the consumption of the juice. Oil of Nightshade, is made of the berries of Nightshade ripe, and one part boiled in ripe oil, or oil of Roses three parts. Oil of Styrax, is made of Styrax and sweet white Wine, of each one part, ripe oil four parts gently boiled till the Wine be consumed. Oil of Violets, is made of oil omphacine, and Violet flowers, as oil of Roses. Oil of Vervain, is made of the herb and oil, as oil of Mints. That most of these Oils, if not all of them, are used only externally, is certain; and as certain that they retain the virtues of the simples whereof they are made, therefore the ingenious might help themselves. Take of the roots of Carduus and Valerian, of each one ounce, the flowers of St. John’s Wort two ounces, Wheat one ounce and an half, old Oil four ounces, Cypress Turpentine eight ounces, Frankincense in powder two ounces, infuse the roots and flowers, being bruised, in so much white Wine as is sufficient to cover them, after two days’ infusion put in the Oil with the Wheat, bruised, boil them together till the Wine be consumed; then press it out, and add the Frankincense and Turpentine, then boil them a little, and keep it. It is appropriated to cleanse and consolidate wounds, especially in the head. Take of the bark of Caper roots an ounce, bark of Tamarisk, the leaves of the same, the seeds of Agnus Castus, Cetrach, or Spleenwort, Cypress roots, of each two drams, Rue one dram, oil of ripe Olives one pound, white Wine Vinegar, and white Wine, of each two ounces, cut them and steep them, and boil them (two days being elapsed) gently in a bath, then the Wine and Vinegar being consumed, strain it, and keep it. The oil is opening, and heating, absolutely appropriated to the spleen, hardness and pains thereof, and diseases coming of stoppings there, as hypocondriac melancholy, the rickets, et cetera Take of Castoreum, Styrax Calamitis, Galbanum, Euphorbium, Opopanax, Cassia Lignea, Saffron, Carpobalsamum or Cubebs, Spikenard, Costus, of each two drams, Cypress, Squinanth, Pepper long and black, Savin, Pellitory of Spain, of each two drams and an half, ripe Oil four pounds, Spanish Wine two pounds, the five first excepted, let the rest be prepared as they ought to be, and gently boiled in the Oil and Wine, until the Wine be consumed, mean time the Galbanum, Opopanax, and Euphorbium beaten in fine powder, being dissolved in part of the Wine, and strained, let them be exquisitely mixed with it (while the oil is warm) by often stirring; the boiling being finished, put in the Styrax and Castoreum. The virtues are the same with the simple. Take of the roots of bitter Castus two ounces, Cassia Lignea one ounce, the tops of Marjoram eight ounces, being bruised, steep them two days in twelve ounces of sweet white Wine; then with three pounds of sallad oil washed in white Wine, boil it in Balneo Mariæ till the Wine be consumed. It heats, opens obstructions, strengthens the nerves, and all nervous parts, as muscles, tendons, ligaments, the ventricle; besides these, it strengthens the liver, it keeps the hairs from turning grey, and gives a good colour to the body. I pray you take notice that this and the following oils, (till I give you warning to the contrary) are not made to eat. Take of Saffron, Calamus Aromaticus, of each one ounce, Myrrh, half an ounce, Cardamoms nine drams, steep them six days, (the Cardamoms excepted, which are not to be put in till the last day,) in nine ounces of Vinegar, the day after put in a pound and an half of washed oil, boil it gently according to art, till the Vinegar, be consumed, then strain it. It helps pains in the nerves, and strengthens them, mollifies their hardness, helps pains in the matrix, and causes a good colour. Take of Stavesacre, Sopewort, of each half an ounce, Pellitory of Spain six drams, dried Mountain Calamint one ounce and an half, Castus two drams, Castoreum five drams, being bruised, let them be three days steeped in three pounds and an half of Wine, boil them with a pound and an half of Oil of Wall-flowers, adding half an ounce of Euphorbium, before the Wine be quite consumed, and so boil it according to art. It hath the same virtue, only something more effectual than the simple. Take of the leaves of Wormwood, Centaury the less, Eupatorium, Fennel, Hyssop, Bays, Marjoram, Bawm, Nep, Pennyroyal, Savin, Sage, Thyme, of each four ounces, Southernwood, Betony, Chamepitys, Lavender, of each six ounces, Rosemary one pound, the flowers of Chamomel, Broom, white Lilies, Elders, the seeds of Cummin, and Fenugreek, the roots of Hellebore black and white, the bark of Ash and Lemons, of each four ounces, Euphorbium, Mustard, Castoreum, Pellitory of Spain, of each an ounce, Oil sixteen pounds, Wine three pounds, the herbs, flowers, seeds, and Euphorbium being bruised, the roots, barks, and Castoreum cut, all of them infused twelve hours in the Wine and Oil, in a warm bath, then boiled with a gentle fire, to the consumption of the Wine and moisture, strain the Oil and keep it. Many people by catching bruises when they are young, come to feel it when they are old: others by catching cold, catch a lameness in their limbs, to both which I commend this sovereign oil to bathe their grieved members with. Take of whole Swallows sixteen, Chamomel, Rue, Plantain the greater and lesser, Bay leaves, Pennyroyal, Dill, Hyssop, Rosemary, Sage, Saint John’s Wort, Costmary, of each one handful, common Oil four pounds, Spanish Wine one pound, make it up according to art. Both this and the former are appropriated to old bruises and pains thereof coming, as also to sprains. Take of the tops of St. John’s Wort four ounces, steep them three whole days in a pound of old Sallad Oil, in the heat either of a bath, or of the sun, then press them out, repeat the infusion the second or third time, then boil them till the wine be almost consumed, press them out, and by adding three ounces of Turpentine, and one scruple of Saffron, boil it a little and keep it. See the simple oil of St. John’s Wort, than which this is stronger. Take of white Wine three pounds, tops of St. John’s Wort ripe and gently bruised, four handfuls, steep them two days in a glass, close stopped, boil them in a bath, and strain them strongly, repeat the infusion three times, having strained it the third time, add to every pound of decoction, old Oil four pounds, Turpentine six ounces, oil of Wormwood three ounces, Dittany, Gentian, Carduus, Tormentil, Carline, or Cordus Maria, Calamus Aromaticus, all of them bruised, of each two drams, Earth-worms often washed in white Wine two ounces, set it in the sun five or six weeks, then keep it close stopped. Besides the virtue of the simple oil of St. John’s Wort, which this performs more effectually, it is an excellent remedy for old bruises, aches, and sprains. Take of the roots of Orris Florentine, three pounds four ounces, the flowers of purple Orris fifteen ounces, Cypress roots six ounces, of Elecampane three ounces, of Alkanet two ounces, Cinnamon, Spikenard, Benjamin, of each one ounce: let all of them, being bruised as they ought to be, be steeped in the sun, or other hot place, in fifteen pounds of old oil, and four pounds and an half of clear water, after the fourth day, boil them in Balneo Mariæ, the water being consumed, when it is cold, strain it and keep it. The effects are the same with the simple, only ’tis stronger. Take of Marjoram four handfuls, Mother of Thyme two handfuls, the leaves and berries of Myrtles one handful, Southernwood, Water Mints, of each half an handful, being cut, bruised, and put in a glass, three pounds of Oil Omphacine being put to it, let it stand eight days in the sun, or in a bath, close stopped, then strain it out, in the oil put in fresh simples, do so the third time, the oil may be perfected according to art. It helps weariness and diseases of the brain and nerves, coming of cold; it helps the dead palsy, the back (viz. the region along the back bone) being anointed with it; being snuffed up in the nose, it helps Spasmus cynicus, which is a wrying the mouth aside; it helps noise in the ears being dropped into them, it provokes the menses, and helps the biting of venomous beasts; it is a most gallant oil to strengthen the body, the back being anointed with it; strengthens the muscles, they being chafed with it; helps head-ache, the forehead being rubbed with it. Take two Nutmegs, Musk one dram, Indian leaf or Mace, Spikenard, Costus, Mastich, of each six drams, Styrax Calamitis, Cassia Lignea, Myrrh, Saffron, Cinnamon, Cloves, Carpobalsamum or Cubebs, Bdellium, of each two drams, pure Oil three pounds, Wine three ounces, bruise them as you ought to do, mix them, and let them boil easily, till the Wine be consumed, the Musk being mixed according to art after it is strained. It is exceeding good against all diseases of cold, especially those of the stomach, it helps diseases of the sides, they being anointed with it, the stranguary, cholic, and vices of the nerves, and afflictions of the reins. Take of Spikenard three ounces, Marjoram two ounces, Wood of Aloes, Calamus Aromaticus, Elecampane, Cypress, Bay leaves, Indian leaf or Mace, Squinanth, Cardamoms, of each one ounce and a half, bruise them all grossly, and steep them in water and wine, of each fourteen ounces, Oil of Sesamin, or oil of Olives, four pounds and an half, for one day: then perfect the oil by boiling it gently in a double vessel. Take of fresh Poplar buds three pounds, Wine four pounds, common Oil seven pounds two ounces, beat the Poplar buds very well, then steep them seven days in the oil and wine, then boil them in a double vessel till the wine be consumed, (if you infuse fresh buds once or twice before you boil it, the medicine will be the stronger,) then press out the oil and keep it. It is a fine cool oil, but the ointment called by that name which follows hereafter is far better. Take of Oil of Roses nine ounces, Ceruss washed in Rose-water and diligently sifted, three ounces, white Wax two ounces, after the wax is melted in the oil, put in the Ceruss, and make it into an ointment according to art, add two drams of Camphire, made into powder with a few drops of oil of sweet Almonds, so will it be camphorated. It is a fine cooling, drying ointment, eases pains, and itching in wounds and ulcers, and is an hundred times better with Camphire than without it. Take of Verdigris finely powdered, five parts, Honey fourteen parts, sharp Vinegar seven parts, boil them to a just thickness, and a reddish colour. It cleanses filthy ulcers and fistulas forcibly, and not without pain, it takes away dead and proud flesh, and dries. Take of Oil of white Lilies, six ounces, Oil of Dill, and Chamomel, of each two ounces, Oil of sweet Almonds one ounce, Duck’s grease, and Hen’s grease, of each two ounces, white Wax three ounces, mix them according to art. Its use is to assuage pains in any part of the body, especially such as come by inflammations, whether in wounds or tumours, and for that it is admirable. Take of the juice of Smallage one pound, Honey nine ounces, Wheat flower three ounces, boil them to a just thickness. It is a very fine, and very gentle cleanser of wounds and ulcers. Take of Gum Elemi, Turpentine of the Fir-tree, of each one ounce and an half, old Sheep’s Suet cleansed two ounces, old Hog’s grease cleansed one ounce: mix them, and make them into an ointment according to art. It gently cleanses and fills up an ulcer with flesh, it being of a mild nature, and friendly to the body. Take of yellow Wax half a pound, common Oil two pounds, Turpentine two ounces, Pine Rozin, Colophonia, of each one ounce and an half, Frankincense, Mastich, of each one ounce, Saffron one dram, first melt the wax in the oil, then the Turpentine being added, let them boil together; having done boiling, put in the rest in fine powder, (let the Saffron be the last) and by diligent stirring, make them into an ointment according to art. Take of white Wax, Pine Rozin, Heifer’s Suet, Greek Pitch, Turpentine, Olibanum, Myrrh, of each one ounce, Oil five ounces, powder the Olibanum and Myrrh, and the rest being melted, make it into an ointment according to art. Take of yellow Wax, fat Rozin, Greek Pitch, of each half a pound, Oil nine ounces: mix them together, by melting them according to art. Both this and the former, heat, moisten, and digest, procure matter in wounds, I mean brings the filth or corrupted blood from green wounds: they clense and ease pain. Take of Bdellium six drams, Euphorbium, Sagapen, of each four drams, Castoreum three drams, Wax fifteen drams, Oil of Elder or Wall-flowers, ten drams, the Bdellium, and Sagapen being dissolved in water of wild Rue, let the rest be united by the heat of a bath. Take of Chalk washed, seven times at least, half a pound, Wax three ounces, Oil of Roses one pound, stir them all together diligently in a leaden mortar, the wax being first melted by a gentle fire in a sufficient quantity of the prescribed oil. It is exceeding good in burnings and scaldings. Take of common Oil four pounds, mussilage of Marsh-mallow roots, Linseed, and Fenugreek seed two pounds: boil them together till the watery part of the mussilage be consumed, then add Wax half a pound, Rozin three ounces, Turpentine an ounce, boil them to the consistence of an ointment, but let the mussilage be prepared of a pound of fresh roots bruised, and half a pound of each of the seeds steeped, and boiled in eight pounds of spring water, and then pressed out. See the compound. Take of Oil of Nightshade sixteen ounces, white Wax, washed, Ceruss, of each four drams, Lead burnt and washed, Pompholix prepared, of each two ounces, pure Frankincense one ounce: bring them into the form of an ointment according to art. This much differing from the former, you shall have that inserted at latter end, and then you may use which you please. Take of Elecampane roots boiled in Vinegar, bruised and pulped, one pound, Turpentine washed in their decoction, new Wax, of each two ounces, old Hog’s grease salted ten ounces, old oil four ounces, common salt one ounce, add the Turpentine to the grease, wax, and oil, being melted, as also the pulp and salt being finely powdered, and so make it into an ointment according to art. Is made of the former ointment, by adding two ounces of Quick-silver, killed by continual stirring, not only with spittle, or juice of Lemons, but with all the Turpentine kept for that intent, and part of the grease, in a stone mortar. My opinion of this ointment, is (briefly) this: It was invented for the itch, without quick-silver it will do no good, with quick-silver it may do harm. Take of Bay leaves bruised one pound, Bay berries bruised half a pound, Cabbage leaves four ounces, Neat’s-foot Oil five pounds, Bullock’s suet two pounds, boil them together, and strain them, that so it may be made into an ointment according to art. Take of Oil of Roses one pound and an half, red Lead three ounces, Litharge two ounces, Ceruss one ounce and an half, Tutty three drams, Camphire two drams, Wax one ounce and an half, make it into an ointment according to art, in a pestle and mortar made of Lead. This ointment is as drying as a man shall usually read of one, and withal cooling, therefore good for sores, and such as are troubled with defluctions. Take of Tobacco leaves bruised, two pounds, steep them a whole night in red Wine, in the morning boil it in fresh Hog’s grease, diligently washed, one pound, till the Wine be consumed, strain it, and add half a pound of juice of Tobacco, Rozin four ounces, boil it to the consumption of the juice, adding towards the end, round Birthwort roots in powder, two ounces, new Wax as much as is sufficient to make it into an ointment according to art. It would take a whole summer’s day to write the particular virtues of this ointment, and my poor Genius is too weak to give it the hundredth part of its due praise: It cures tumours, imposthumes, wounds, ulcers, gun-shot, stinging with nettles, bees, wasps, hornets, venomous beasts, wounds made with poisoned arrows, et cetera Take of Litharge of Gold finely powdered, half a pound, Vinegar one pound, Oil of Roses two pounds, grind the Litharge in a mortar, pouring to it sometimes Oil, sometimes Vinegar, till by continual stirring, the Vinegar do no more appear, and it come to a whitish ointment. It is of a cooling, drying nature, good for itching of wounds, and such like deformities of the skin. Take of Bole-ammoniac washed in Rose water, one ounce, Lapis Calaminaris washed in Eye bright Water, Tutty prepared, of each two drams, Pearls in very fine powder half a dram, Camphire half a scruple, Opium five grains, fresh Butter washed in Plantain Water, as much as is sufficient to make it into an ointment according to art. It is exceeding good to stop hot rheums that fall down into the eyes, the eyelids being but anointed with it. Take of the roots of sharp-pointed Dock boiled in Vinegar until they be soft, and then pulped, Brimstone washed in juice of Lemons, of each one ounce and an half, Hog’s grease often washed in juice of Scabious, half a pound, Unguentum Populeon washed in juice of Elecampane, half an ounce: make them into an ointment in a mortar. It is a wholesome, though troublesome medicine for scabs and itch. Take of Lead burnt according to art, Litharge, of each two ounces, Ceruss, Antimony, of each one ounce, Oil of Roses as much as is sufficient: make it into an ointment according to art. Take it one time with another, it will go neer to do more harm than good. Take of fresh Hog’s grease three pounds, fresh Sheep’s suet nine ounces, Pomewater pared and cut, one pound and nine ounces, Damask Rose-water six ounces, the roots of Orris Florentine grossly bruised six drams, boil them in Balneo Mariæ till the Apples be soft, then strain it, but press it not and keep it for use; then warm it a little again and wash it with fresh Rose-water, adding to each pound twelve drops of oil of Lignum Rhodium. Its general use is, to soften and supple the roughness of the skin, and take away the chops of the lips, hands, face, or other parts. Take of Butter without salt, a pound and an half, Spermaceti, Madder, Tormentil roots, Castoreum, of each half an ounce: boil them as you ought in a sufficient quantity of Wine, till the Wine be consumed, and become an ointment. I know not what to make of it. Take of Pine Rozin, or Rozin of the Pine-tree, of the purest Turpentine, yellow Wax washed, pure Oil, of each equal parts: melt them into an ointment according to art. It is as pretty a Cerecloth for a new sprain as most is, and cheap. Take of fresh Hog’s grease cleansed a pound, fresh red Roses half a pound, juice of the same three ounces, make it into an ointment according to art. It is of a fine cooling nature, exceeding useful in all gallings of the skin, and frettings, accompanied with choleric humours, angry pushes, tetters, ringworms, it mitigates diseases in the head coming of heat, as also the intemperate heat of the stomach and liver. Take of the oil of Roses omphacine a pound, white Wax five ounces, which being melted and put in a leaden mortar, put in the Earth of Lemnos or Bole-ammoniac, Lapis Calaminaris, of each four ounces, Litharge of Gold, Ceruss, of each three ounces, Camphire one dram, make it into an ointment according to art. It binds and restrains fluxes of humours. Take of juice of Nightshade, Litharge washed, of each five ounces, Ceruss washed eight ounces, white Wax seven ounces, Frankincense in powder ten drams, oil of Roses often washed in water two pounds, make it into an ointment according to art. It was invented to take away inflammations from wounds, and to keep people from scratching of them when they are almost well. Take of Tutty prepared two ounces, Lapis Calaminaris often burnt and quenched in Plantain Water an ounce, make them, being finely powdered, into an ointment, with a pound and an half of ointment of Roses. It is a cooling, drying ointment, appropriated to the eyes, to dry up hot and salt humours that flow down thither, the eyelids being anointed with it. Take of the juice of green Scabious, pressed out with a screw, and strained through a cloth, Hog’s grease, of each as much as you will, heat the Hog’s grease in a stone mortar, not grind it, putting in the juice by degrees for the more commodious mixture and tincture, afterwards set it in the sun in a convenient vessel, so as the juice may overtop the grease, nine days being passed, pour off the discoloured juice, and beat it again as before, putting in fresh juice, set it in the sun again five days, which being elapsed, beat it again, put in more juice, after fifteen days more, do so again, do so five times, after which, keep it in a glass, or glazed vessel. Take of the juice of Mullen, Hog’s grease, of each as much as you will, let the grease be cleansed and cut in pieces, and beat it with the juice, pressed and strained as you did the former ointment, then keep it in a convenient vessel nine or ten days, then beat it twice, once with fresh juice, until it be green, and the second time without juice beaten well, pouring off what is discoloured, and keep it for use. Take of the juice of Celandine and Mullen, of each one part, clarified Honey, two parts, boil them by degrees till the juice be consumed, adding (the physician prescribing) Vitriol, burnt Alum, burnt Ink, and boil it again to an ointment according to art. Take of Briony roots two pounds, the roots of wild Cucumbers one pound, Squills half a pound, fresh English Orris roots, three ounces, the roots of male Fern, dwarf Elder, water Caltrops, or Aaron, of each two ounces, bruise them all, being fresh, and steep them six or seven days in four pounds of old oil, the whitest, not rank, then boil them and press them out, and in the oil melt fifteen ounces of white Wax, and make it into an ointment according to art. It purges exceedingly, and is good to anoint the bellies of such as have dropsies, and if there be any humour or flegm in any part of the body that you know not how to remove (provided the part be not too tender) you may anoint it with this; but yet be not too busy with it, for I tell you plainly it is not very safe. Take of Oil of Rue, Savin, Mints, Wormwood, bitter Almonds, of each one ounce and an half, juice of Peach flowers and leaves, and Wormwood, of each half an ounce, powder of Rue, Mints, Centaury the less, Gentian, Tormentil, of each one dram, the seeds of Coleworts, the pulp of Colocynthis, of each two drams, Aloes Hepatic, three drams, meal of Lupines half an ounce, Myrrh washed in Grass water a dram and an half, Bull’s Gall an ounce and an half, with a sufficient quantity of juice of Lemons, and an ounce and an half of Wax, make it into an ointment according to art. Take of Turpentine, yellow Wax, Ammoniacum, of each fourteen drams, long Birthwort roots, Olibanum, Bdellium, of each six drams, Myrrh, Gilbanum, of each half an ounce, Opopanax, Verdigris, of each two drams, Litharge nine drams, Oil two pounds, Vinegar enough to dissolve the Gums, make it into an ointment according to art. It consumes corrupt and dead flesh, and makes flesh soft which is hard, it cleanses wounds, ulcers, and fistulas, and restores flesh where it is wanting. Take of Ceruss washed in Purslain water, then in Vinegar wherein wild Rhadish roots have been steeped and pressed out, Lapis Calaminaris, Chalcitis, of each six drams, burnt Lead, Goat’s blood, of each half an ounce, Quick-silver sublimated an ounce, the juice of Houseleek, Nightshade, Plantain, of each two ounces, Hog’s grease cleansed three pounds, Oil of Violets, Poppies, Mandrakes, of each an ounce: first let them sublimate and exungia, then the oils, juices, and powders, be mixed, and so made into an ointment according to art. Take of Borax an ounce, Camphire a dram, white Coral half an ounce, Alum Plume an ounce, Umbilicus Marinus, Tragacanth, white Starch, of each three drams, Crystal, Dentalis Utalis, Olibanum, Niter, white Marble, of each two drams, Gersa Serpentaria an ounce, Ceruss six ounces, Hog’s grease not salted, a pound and an half, Goat’s suet prepared, an ounce and an half, Hen’s fat two ounces and an half. Powder the things as you ought to do both together, and by themselves, melt the fats being cleansed in a stone vessel, and steep in them two Citrons of a mean bigness cut in bits, in a warm bath, after a whole week strain it, and put in the powders by degrees, amongst which let the Camphire and Borax be the last, stir them, and bring them into the form of an ointment. Take of fresh Bay leaves three pounds, Garden Rue two pounds and an half, Marjoram two pounds, Mints a pound, Sage, Wormwood, Costmary, Bazil, of each half a pound, Sallad Oil twenty pounds, yellow Wax four pounds, Malaga Wine two pounds, of all of them being bruised, boiled, and pressed out as they ought, make an ointment according to art. It is a great strengthener of the head, it being anointed with it; as also of all the parts of the body, especially the nerves, muscles, and arteries. Take of the Oil of Mastich, Wormwood, and Nard, of each an ounce, Mastich, Mints, red Roses, red Coral, Cloves, Cinnamon, Wood of Aloes, Squinanth, of each a dram, wax as much as is sufficient to make it into an ointment according to art. This is like the former, and not a whit inferior to it; it strengthens the stomach being anointed with it, restores appetite and digestion. Before it was called a stomach ointment. Take of Hog’s grease washed in juice of Sage a pound, Quick-silver strained through leather, four ounces, oil of Bays, Chamomel, and Earthworms, of each two ounces, Spirit of Wine an ounce, yellow Wax two ounces, Turpentine washed in juice of Elecampane three ounces, powder of Chamepitys and Sage, of each two drams, make them into an ointment according to art. A learned art to spoil people: hundreds are bound to curse such ointments, and those that appoint them. Take of Cowslips with the flowers, Sage, Chamepitys, Rosemary, Lavender, Bay with the berries, Chamomel, Rue, Smallage, Melilot with the flowers, Wormwood, of each a handful, Mints, Betony, Pennyroyal, Parsley, Centaury the less, St. John’s Wort, of each a handful, oil of Sheep’s or Bullock’s feet, five pounds, oil of Spike, half an ounce, Sheep’s or Bullock’s Suet, or the Marrow of either, two pounds: the herbs being bruised and boiled with the oil and suet, make it into an ointment according to art. It is appropriated to the nerves, and helps their infirmities coming of cold, as also old bruises, make use of it in dead palsies, chilliness or coldness of particular members, such as the arteries perform not their office to as they ought; for wind anoint your belly with it; for want of digestion, your stomach; for the cholic, your belly; for whatever disease in any part of the body comes of cold, esteem this as a jewel. Take of fresh Butter washed in Violet Water six ounces, oil of Sweet Almonds four ounces, oil of Chamomel and Violets, white Wax, of each three ounces, Hen’s and Duck’s grease, of each two ounces, Orris roots two drams, Saffron half a dram: The two last being finely powdered, the rest melted and often washed in Barley or Hyssop water, make an ointment of them according to art. It strengthens the breast and stomach, eases the pains thereof, helps pleurises and consumptions of the lungs, the breast being anointed with it. Take of Hog’s grease three ounces, the grease of Hen’s, Geese, and Ducks, of each two ounces, Oesipus half an ounce, oil of Violets, Chamomel, and Dill, fresh Butter a pound, white Wax six ounces, mussilage of Gum Tragacanth, Arabic, Quince seeds, Lin-seeds, Marsh-mallow roots, of each half an ounce. Let the mussilages be made in Rose water, and adding the rest, make it into an ointment according to art. It mightily molifies without any manifest heat, and is therefore a fit ointment for such as have agues, asthmas, hectic fevers, or consumptions. It is a good ointment to ease pains coming by inflammations of wounds or aposthumes, especially such as dryness accompanies, an infirmity wounded people are many times troubled with. In inward aposthumes, as pleurises, one of them to anoint the external region of the part, is very beneficial. Take of oil of Capers an ounce, oil of white Lillies, Chamomel, fresh Butter, juice of Briony and Sowbread, of each half an ounce, boil it to the consumption of the juice, add Ammoniacum dissolved in Vinegar, two drams and an half, Hen’s grease, Oesypus, Marrow of a Calf’s Leg, of each half an ounce, powder of the bark of the roots of Tamaris and Capers, Fern roots, Cetrach, of each a dram, the seeds of Agnus Castuus, and Broom, of each a scruple, with a sufficient quantity of Wax, make it into an ointment according to art. Take of the bark of Caper roots six drams, Briony roots, Orris Florentine, powder of sweet Fennel seeds, Ammoniacum dissolved in Vinegar, of each half an ounce, tops of Wormwood, Chamomel flowers, of each a dram, ointment of the juice and of flowers of Oranges, of each six drams, oil of Orris and Capers, of each an ounce and an half: the things which ought being powdered and sifted, the rest diligently mixed in a hot mortar, make it into an ointment according to art. Both these ointments are appropriated to the spleen, and eases the pains thereof, the sides being anointed with them. I fancy not the former. Take of the juice of Dwarf-Elder eight ounces, of Smallage and Parsley, of each four ounces, Wormwood and Orris, of each five ounces, common Oil half a pound, oil of white Lilies ten ounces, of Wormwood and Chamomel, of each six ounces, the fat of Ducks and Hens, of each two ounces, boil them together with a gentle fire till the juice be consumed, then strain it, and with seven ounces of white Wax, and a little white Wine Vinegar, make it into an ointment according to art. Take of Sumach, unripe Galls, Myrtle berries, Balaustines, Pomegranate Pills, Acorn Cups, Cypress Nuts, Acacia, Mastich, of each ten drams, white Wax five ounces, oil of Roses often washed in Alum water, a pound and ten ounces, make a fine powder of the things you can, and steep them four whole days in juice of Medlars and Services, of each a sufficient quantity, then dry them by a gentle fire, and with the oil and wax boil it into an ointment. It is a gallant drying and binding ointment. Besides, the stomach anointed with it, stays vomiting, and the belly anointed with it stays looseness, if the fundament fall out, when you have put it up again anoint it with this ointment, and it will fall out no more. Do the like by the womb if that fall out. Take of Marsh-mallow roots two pounds, the seeds of Flax and Fœnugreek, of each one pound, pulp of Squills half a pound, Oil four pounds, Wax one pound, Turpentine, Gum of Ivy, Galbanum, of each two ounces, Colophonia, Rozin, of each half a pound: Let the roots be well washed and bruised, as also the Linseed, Fœnugreek seed, and Squills, then steep them three days in eight pints of water, the fourth day boil them a little upon the fire, and draw out the mussilage, of which take two pounds, and boil it with the oil to the consumption of the juice, afterwards add the Wax, Rozin, and Colophonia, when they are melted, add the Turpentine, afterwards the Galbanum and Gum of Ivy, dissolved in Vinegar, boil them a little, and having removed them from the fire, stir them till they are cold, that so they may be well incorporated. It heats and moistens, helps pains of the breast coming of cold and pleurises, old aches, and stitches, and softens hard swellings. Take of Oil of Roses sixteen ounces, juice of Nightshade six ounces, let them boil to the consumption of the juice, then add white Wax five ounces, Ceruss washed two ounces, Lead burnt and washed, Pompholix prepared, pure Frankincense, of each an ounce, let them be brought into the form of an ointment according to art. It cools and binds, drys, and stays fluxes, either of blood or humours in wounds, and fills hollow ulcers with flesh. Take of white Wax four ounces, Oil of Roses omphacine one pound, melt it in a double vessel, then pour it out into another, by degrees putting in cold water, and often pouring it out of one vessel into another, stirring it till it be white, last of all wash it in Rose water, adding a little Rose Water, and Rose Vinegar. It is a fine cooling thing, to cure inflammations in wounds or tumours. Take of the juice of Smallage, Endive, Mints, Wormwood, common Parsley, Valerian, of each three ounces, oil of Wormwood and Mints, of each half a pound, yellow Wax three ounces, mix them together over the fire, and make of them an ointment. It opens stoppages of the stomach and spleen, eases the rickets, the breast and sides being anointed with it. Take of oil of Rue, Savin, Mints, Wormwood, and bitter Almonds, of each an ounce and an half, juice of the flowers or leaves of Peaches, and Wormwood, of each half an ounce, powder of Rue, Mints, Gentian, Centaury the less, Tormentil, of each one dram, the seeds of Coleworts, the pulp of Colocynthis, of each two drams, Aloes Hepatic, three drams, the meal of Lupines half an ounce, Myrrh washed in grass water a dram and an half, Bull’s Galls an ounce and an half, with juice of Lemons, so much as is sufficient, and an ounce and an half of Wax, make it into an ointment according to art. The belly being anointed with it kills the worms. Take of Galbanum prepared, an ounce and an half, Assafœtida half an ounce, Bdellium a dram, Myrrh two drams, Wax two ounces, Carrot seeds a scruple, Featherfew, Mugwort, of each half a dram, dissolve the Gums in Vinegar, and make it a cerecloath according to art. Being applied to the belly of a woman after labour, it cleanses her of any relicts accidently left behind, helps the fits of the mother, and other accidents incident to women in that case. Take of Oesypus ten ounces, Oil of Chamomel, and Orris, of each half a pound, yellow Wax two pounds, Rozin a pound, Mastich, Ammoniacum, Turpentine, of each an ounce, Spikenard two drams and an half, Saffron a dram and an half, Styrax Calamitis half an ounce, make them into a cerecloath according to art. It molifies and digests hard swellings of the liver, spleen, womb, nerves, joints, and other parts of the body, and is a great easer of pain. Take of red Sanders, ten drams, white and yellow Sanders, of each six drams, red Roses twelve drams, Bole-ammoniac seven drams, Spodium four drams, Camphire two drams, white Wax washed thirty drams, Oil of Roses omphacine six ounces: make it into a cerecloath according to art. It wonderfully helps hot infirmities of the stomach, liver, and other parts, being but applied to them. Take of Ammoniacum, Bran well sifted, of each an ounce, Ointment of Marsh-mallows, Melilot plaister compound, roots of Briony, and Orris in powder, of each half an ounce, the fat of Ducks, Geese, and Hens, of each three drams, Bdellium, Galbanum, of each one dram and an half, Per-Rozin, Wax, of each five ounces, oil of Orris, Turpentine, of each half an ounce, boil the fats and oil with mussilage of Lin-seed, and Fenugreek seed, of each three ounces, to the consumption of the mussilage, strain it, and add the Wax, Rozin, and Turpentine, the ointment of Marsh-mallows with the plaister of Melilot; when it begins to be cold, put in the Ammoniacum, dissolved in Vinegar, then the Bdellium in powder, with the rest of the powders, and make it into a plaister according to art. It softens and assuages hard swellings, and scatters the humours offending, applied to the side it softens the hardness of the spleen, assuages pains thence arising. Take of Bay-berries husked, Turpentine, of each two ounces, Frankincense, Mastich, Myrrh, of each an ounce, Cypress, Costus, of each half an ounce, Honey warmed and not scummed, four ounces: make it into a plaister according to art. It is an excellent plaister to ease any pains coming of cold or wind, in any part of the body, whether stomach, liver, belly, reins, or bladder. It is an excellent remedy for the cholic and wind in the bowels. Take of dry Pitch eight pounds, yellow Wax six pounds and eight ounces, Per-Rozin five pounds and four ounces, Bitumen, Judaicum, or Mummy, four pounds, Oil one pound and an half, Verdigris, Litharge, Ceruss, of each three ounces, Frankincense half a pound, Roach Alum not burnt, an ounce and an half, burnt, four ounces, Opopanax, scales of Brass, Galbanum, of each twelve drams, Aloes, Opium, Myrrh, of each half an ounce, Turpentine two pounds, juice of Mandrakes, or else dried bark of the root, six drams, Vinegar five pounds: Let the Litharge, Ceruss, and Oil, boil to the thickness of Honey, then incorporate with them the Pitch, being melted with Bitumen in powder; then add the rest, and boil them according to art, till the vinegar be consumed, and it stick not to your hands. It helps the bitings of men and beasts, eases inflammations of wounds, and helps infirmities of the joints, and gouts in the beginning. Take of Betony, Burnet, Agrimony, Sage, Pennyroyal, Yarrow, Comfrey the greater, Clary, of each six ounces, Frankincense, Mastich, of each three drams, Orris, round Birthwort, of each six drams, white Wax, Turpentine, of each eight ounces, Per-Rozin six ounces, Gum Elemi, Oil of Fir, of each two ounces, white Wine three pounds: bruise the herbs, boil them in the Wine, then strain them, and add the rest, and make them into a plaister according to art. It is a good plaister to unite the skull when it is cracked, to draw out pieces of broken bones, and cover the bones with flesh: It draws filth from the bottom of deep ulcers, restores flesh lost, cleanses, digests, and drys. Take of red Roses one ounce and an half, Bistort roots, Cypress Nuts, all the Sanders, Mints, Coriander seeds, of each three drams, Mastich half an ounce, Hypocistis, Acacia, Dragon’s blood, Earth of Lemnos, Bole-ammoniac, red Coral, of each two drams, Turpentine washed in Plantain water four ounces, Oil of Roses three ounces, white Wax twelve ounces, Per-Rozin ten ounces, Pitch six ounces, the juice of Plantain, Houseleek, and Orpine, of each an ounce, the Wax, Rozin, and Pitch being melted together, add the Turpentine and Oil, then the Hypocistis and Acacia dissolved in the juices, at last the powders, and make it into a plaister according to art. It is of a fine, cool, binding, strengthening nature, excellently good to repel hot rheums or vapours that ascend up to the head, the hair being shaved off, and it applied to the crown. Take of juice of Marsh-mallow roots six ounces, bark of Ashtree roots, and their leaves, the roots of Comfrey the greater and smaller with their leaves, of each two ounces, Myrtle Berries an ounce and an half, the leaves of Willow, the tops of St. John’s Wort, of each an handful and an half, having bruised them, boil them together in red Wine, and Smith’s Water, of each two pound, till half be consumed, strain it, and add Oil of Myrtles, and Roses omphacine, of each one pound and an half, Goat’s suet eight ounces, boil it again to the consumption of the decoction, strain it again, and add Litharge of Gold and Silver, red Lead, of each four ounces, yellow Wax one pound, Colophonia half a pound, boil it to the consistance of a plaister, then add Turpentine two ounces, Myrrh, Frankincense, Mastich, of each half an ounce, Bole-ammoniac, Earth of Lemnos, of each one ounce, stir them about well till they be boiled, and made into an emplaister according to art. Take of the roots of Comfrey the greater, Marsh-mallows, Misselto of the Oak, of each two ounces, Plantain, Chamepitys, St. John’s Wort, of each a handful, boil them in equal parts of black Wine, and Smith’s Water till half be consumed, strain it, and add mussilage of Quince seeds made in Tripe water, Oil of Mastich and Roses, of each four ounces, boil it to the consumption of the humidity, and having strained it, add Litharge of Gold four ounces, boil it to the consistence of an emplaister, then add yellow Wax four ounces, Turpentine three ounces, Colophonia six drams, Ship Pitch ten ounces, powders of Balaustines, Roses, Myrtles, Acacia, of each half an ounce, Mummy, Androsamum, Mastich, Amber, of each six drams, Bole-ammoniac fine flowers, Frankincense, of each twelve drams, Dragon’s blood two ounces: make it into a plaister according to art. Both this and the former are binding and drying, the former rules will instruct you in the use. Take of Rozin two ounces, black Pitch one ounce, Labdanum, Turpentine, flower of Beans, and Orobus, Dove’s dung, of each half an ounce, Myrrh, Mastich, of each one dram and an half, Gum of Juniper, Nutmegs, of each two drams, dissolve the Myrrh and Labdanum in a hot mortar, and adding the rest, make it into a plaister according to art. If you will have it stronger, add the powders, Euphorbium, Pellitory of Spain, and black Pepper, of each two scruples. It is proper to strengthen the brain, and repel such vapours as annoy it, and those powders being added, it dries up the superfluous moisture thereof, and eases the eyes of hot scalding vapours that annoy them. Take of Ceruss in fine powder, white Wax, Sallad Oil, of each three ounces, add the Oil by degrees to the Ceruss, and boil it by continual stirring over a gentle fire, till it begin to swell, then add the Wax cut small by degrees, and boil it to its just consistence. It helps burns, dry scabs, and hot ulcers, and in general whatever sores abound with moisture. Take of the juice of Hemlock four ounces, Vinegar, of Squills, and Ammoniacum, of each eight ounces, dissolve the Gum in the juice and Vinegar, after a due infusion, then strain it into its just consistence according to art. I suppose it was invented to mitigate the extreme pains, and allay the inflammations of wounds, for which it is very good: let it not be applied to any principal part. Take of Mastich, Mints, Spodium, red Coral, all the Sanders, of each one dram, Oil of Mastich and Quinces, of each one drain and an half, a crust of Bread toasted, and three times steeped in red Rose Vinegar, and as often dried, Labdanum, of each two ounces, Rozin four ounces, Styrax Calamitis half an ounce, Barley meal five drams: make them into a plaister according to art. I shall commend this for a good plaister to strengthen the brain as any is in the Dispensatory, the hair being shaved off, and it applied to the crown; also being applied to the stomach, it strengthens it, helps digestion, stays vomiting and putrefaction of the meat there. Take of Cummin-seed, Bayberries, yellow Wax, of each one pound, Per-Rozin two pounds, common Rozin three pounds, Oil of Dill half a pound: mix them, and make them into a plaister. It assuages swellings, takes away old aches coming of bruises, and applied to the belly, is an excellent remedy for the wind cholic. This I have often proved, and always with good success. Take of Hog’s grease fresh and purged from the skins two pounds, oil of Olives omphacine, Litharge of Gold beaten and sifted, of each three pounds, white Vitriol burnt and purged four ounces: let the Litharge, grease, and oil boil together with a gentle fire, with a little Plantain water, always stirring it, to the consistence of a plaister, into which (being removed from the fire) put in the Vitriol and make it into a plaister according to art. It is a very drying, binding plaister, profitable in green wounds to hinder putrefaction, as also in pestilential sores after they are broken, and ruptures, and also in burnings and scaldings. Take of mussilage of Linseed, Fenugreek seed, Marsh-mallow roots, of each one pound, old Oil three pounds: boil it to the consumption of the mussilage, strain it, and add Litharge of Gold in fine powder, one pound and an half: boil them with a little water over a gentle fire always stirring them to a just thickness. It is an exceeding good remedy for all swellings without pain, it softens hardness of the liver and spleen, it is very gentle. Add one ounce of Orris in powder to every pound of Diachylon simple. Take of mussilage of Raisins, fat Figs, Mastich, Mallow-roots, Linseeds, and Fenugreek-seeds, Bird-lime, the juice of Orris and Squills, of each twelve drams and an half, Œsypus or oil of Sheep’s feet an ounce and an half, Oil of Orris, Chamomel, Dill, of each eight ounces, litharge of Gold in fine powder one pound, Turpentine three ounces, Per-Rozin, yellow Wax, of each two ounces, boil the oil with the mussilages and juices to the consumption of the humidity, strain the oil from the faces, and by adding the Litharge boil it to its consistence; then add the Rozin and Wax; lastly, it being removed from the fire, add the Turpentine, Œsypus and Birdlime, make of them a plaister by melting them according to art. It dissolves hardness and inflammations. Take of Bdellium, Sagapenum, Amoniacum, of each two ounces, dissolved in Wine, and added to the mass of Diachylon magnum: first boil the gums being dissolved, to the thickness of Honey. This is the best to dissolve hard swellings of all the three. Take of mussilages of the middle bark of Elm, Marsh-mallow roots, Linseed, and Fenugreek seed, of each four ounces and an half, oil of Chamomel, Lilies, and Dill, of each an ounce and an half, Ammoniacum, Galbanum, Sagapen, Opopanax, of each half an ounce, new Wax twenty ounces, Turpentine two ounces, Saffron two drams, dissolve the Gums in Wine, and make it into a plaister according to art. It ripens swellings, and breaks them, and cleanses them when they are broken. It is of a most excellent ripening nature. Take of yellow Wax two ounces, Per-Rozin, Pitch, of each four ounces, Oil of Roses and Nard, of each one ounce, melt them together, and add pulp of Dates made in Wine four ounces, flesh of Quinces boiled in red Wine an ounce, then the powders following: take of Bread twice baked, steeped in Wine and dried, two ounces, Mastich an ounce, Frankincense. Wormwood, red Roses, Spikenard, of each two drams and an half, Wood of Aloes, Mace, Myrrh, washed Aloes, Acacia, Troches of Gallia Moschata, and Earth of Lemnos, Calamus Aromaticus, of each one dram, Labdanum three ounces, mix them and make them into a plaister according to art. It strengthens the stomach and liver exceedingly, helps fluxes, apply it to the places grieved. Take of Wax four ounces, Ship Pitch five ounces, Labdanum three ounces and an half, Turpentine an ounce and an half, Oil of Roses one ounce, melt these, and add pulp of Dates almost ripe, boiled in austere Wine four ounces, flesh of Quinces in like manner boiled, Bread twice baked often steeped in red Wine and dried, of each an ounce, Styrax Calamitis, Acacia, unripe Grapes, Balaustines, yellow Sanders, troches of Terra Lemnia, Myrrh, Wood of Aloes, of each half an ounce, Mastich, red Roses, of each an ounce and an half, austere Wine as much as is sufficient to dissolve the juices, make it into a plaister according to art. It strengthens the belly and liver, helps concoction in those parts, and distribution of humours, stays vomiting and fluxes. Take of Loadstone four ounces, Ammoniacum three ounces and three drams, Bdellium two ounces, Galbanum, Myrrh, of each ten drams, Olibanum nine drams, Opopanax, Mastich, long Birthwort, Verdigris, of each an ounce, Litharge, common Oil, of each a pound and an half, new Wax eight ounces: let the Litharge in fine powder be boiled with the oil to a thickness, then add the Wax, which being melted, take it from the fire, add the Gums dissolved in Wine and Vinegar, strain it, then add the Myrrh, Mastich, Frankincense, Birthwort, and Loadstone in powder, last of all the Verdigris in powder, and make it into a plaster according to art. It is of a cleansing nature, exceeding good against malignant ulcers, it consumes corruption, engenders new flesh, and brings them to a scar. Take of Mustard seed, Euphorbium, long Pepper, of each one dram and an half, Stavesacre, Pellitory of Spain of each two drams, Ammoniacum, Galbanum, Phellium, Sagapen, of each three drams, whole Cantharides five drams, Ship Pitch, Rozin, yellow Wax, of each six drams, Turpentine as much as is sufficient to make it into a plaster. Many people use to draw blisters in their necks for the tooth ache, or for rheums in their eyes; if they please to lay a plaster of this there, it will do it. Take of Rozin, Per Rozin, yellow Wax, Sheep’s Suet, of each half a pound, Olibanum four ounces, Turpentine two ounces and an half, Myrrh, Mastich, of each an ounce, Camphire two drams, white Wine half a pound, boil them into a plaster. I found this receipt in an old manuscript written in the year 1513, the quantity of the ingredients very little altered. Take of Gum Elemi three ounces, Per Rozin, Wax, Ammoniacum, of each two ounces, Turpentine three ounces and an half, Mallaga Wine so much as is sufficient: boil it to the consumption of the Wine, then add the Ammoniacum dissolved in Vinegar. The operation is the same with Arceus Liniment. Take of Lapis Calaminaris prepared an ounce, Litharge two ounces, Ceruss half an ounce, Tutty a dram, Turpentine six drams, white Wax an ounce and an half, Stag’s Suet two ounces, Frankincense five drams, Mastich three drams, Myrrh two drams, Camphire a dram and an half, make it up according to art. Take of Galls, Cypress Nuts, Pomegranate Pills, Balaustines, Acacia, the seeds of Plantain, Fleawort, Water-cresses, Acorn Cups, Beans torrified, Birth-wort long and round, Myrtles of each half an ounce. Let these be powdered, and steeped in Rose Vinegar four days, then torrified and dried, then take of Comfrey the greater and lesser, Horsetail, Woad, Cetrach, the roots of Osmond Royal, Fearn, of each an ounce, Frankincense, Myrrh, Aloes, Mastich, Mummy, of each two ounces, Bole-ammoniac washed in Vinegar, Lap, Calaminaris prepared, Litharge of Gold, Dragon’s blood, of each three ounces, Ship Pitch two pounds, Turpentine six ounces, or as much as is sufficient to make it into a plaster according to art. The plaster is very binding and knitting, appropriated to ruptures or burstens, as the title of it specifies, it strengthens the reins and womb, stays abortion, it consolidates wounds, and helps all diseases coming of cold and moisture. Take of Bistort roots one pound, Wood of Aloes, yellow Sanders, Nutmegs, Barberry Kernels, Rose seeds, of each one ounce, Cinnamon, Cloves, Squinanth, Chamomel flowers, of each half an ounce, Frankincense, Mastich, Alipta Moschata, Gallia Moschata, Styrax Calamitis, of each one dram, Mosch half a dram, yellow Wax one pound and an half, Turpentine half a pound, Moschæleum four ounces, Labdanum four pounds, Ship Pitch three pounds: let the Labdanum and Turpentine be added to the Pitch and Wax, being melted, then the Styrax, lastly the rest in powder, and sifted, that they may be made into a plaster according to art. The plaster being applied to the navel, is a means to withstand the fits of the mother in such women as are subject to them, by retaining the womb in its place. Take of Mastich three ounces, Bole-ammoniac washed in black Wine, an ounce and an half, red Roses six drams, Ivory, Myrtle Berries, red Coral, of each half an ounce, Turpentine, Colophonia, Tachamahacca, Labdanum, of each two ounces, yellow Wax half a pound, Oil of Myrtles four ounces: make it into a plaster according to art. It is a binding plaster, strengthens the stomach being applied to it, and helps such as loath their victuals, or cannot digest it, or retain it till it be digested. Take of Rozin eight pounds, yellow Wax four pounds, Sheep’s Suet two pounds: these being melted, add green Melilot cut small, five pounds: make it into a plaster according to art. Take of Melilot flowers six drams, Chamomel flowers, the seeds of Fenugreek, Bay berries husked, Marsh-mallow roots, the tops of Wormwood and Marjoram, of each three drams, the seeds of Smallage, Ammi, Cardamoms, the roots of Orris, Cypress, Spikenard, Cassia Lignea, of each one dram and an half, Bdellium five drams: beat them all into fine powder, the pulp of twelve Figs, and incorporate them with a pound and an half of Melilot plaster simple, Turpentine an ounce and an half, Ammoniacum dissolved in Hemlock Vinegar, three ounces, Styrax five drams, oil of Marjoram, and Nard, of each half an ounce, or a sufficient quantity, make it into a plaster with a hot mortar and pestle, without boiling. It mollifies the hardness of the stomach, liver, spleen, bowels, and other parts of the body: it wonderfully assuages pain, and eases hypochondriac melancholy, and the rickets. Take of Oil of Roses omphacine twenty ounces, oil of Mastich two ounces, Suet of a Sheep and a Calf, of each half a pound, Litharge of Gold and Silver, red Lead, of each two ounces, a taster full of Wine: boil them by a gentle fire continually stirring it till it grow black, let the fire be hottest towards the latter end, then add Turpentine half a pound, Mastich two ounces, Gum Elemi one ounce, white Wax as much as is sufficient: boil them a little, and make them into a plaster according to art. It potently cures wounds, old malignant ulcers, and is very drying. Take of red Lead nine ounces, Oil of red Roses one pound and an half, white Wine Vinegar six ounces, boil it into the perfect body of a plaster. It is prepared without Vinegar, thus: take of red Lead one pound, Oil of Roses one pound and an half, Wax half a pound, make it into a plaster according to art. It is a fine cooling healing plaster, and very drying. Take of Mastich one ounce and an half, Galbanum dissolved in red Wine and strained, six drams, Cypress Turpentine two drams, Cypress Nuts, Galls, of each one dram and an half, oil of Nutmegs by expression one dram, Musk two grains and an half, Pitch scraped off from old ships two drams and an half; beat the Galbanum, Pitch, Turpentine, and Mastich gently in a hot mortar and pestle, towards the end, adding the Oil of Nutmegs, then the rest in powder, last of all the Musk mixed with a little Oil of Mastich upon a marble, and by exact mixture make them into a plaster. Take of Oil of Chamomel and Roses, of each two ounces, of Mastich, Turpentine, and Linseeds, of each an ounce and an half, Turpentine boiled four ounces, Rosemary, Bettony, Horsetail, Centaury the less, of each a handful, Earth-worms washed and cleansed in Wine three ounces, tops of St. John’s Wort a handful, Mastich, Gum Elemi, Madder roots, of each ten drams, Ship-pitch, Rozin, of each an ounce and an half, Litharge of Gold and Silver, of each two ounces and an half, red Lead two ounces, Galbanum, Sagapen, Ammoniacum, of each three drams; boil the roots, herbs, and worms, in a pound and an half of Wine till half be consumed, then press them out, and boil the decoction again with the Oils, Suets, Litharge, and red Lead, to the consumption of the Wine: then add the Gums dissolved in Wine, afterwards the Turpentine, Rozin, Pitch, and Mastich, in powders and make them into a plaster according to art. It strengthens the brain and nerves, and then being applied to the back, down along the bone, it must needs add strength to the body. Take of Saffron, Ship-pitch, Colophonia, yellow Wax, of each four ounces, Turpentine, Galbanum, Ammoniacum, Myrrh, Olibanum, Mastich, of each one ounce and three drams. Let the Pitch and Colophonia be melted together, then add the Wax, then (it being removed from the fire) the Turpentine, afterwards the Gums dissolved in Vinegar, lastly the Saffron in powder, well mixed with Vinegar, and so make it into a plaster according to art. It is of a notable softening and discussing quality, helps broken bones, and any part molested with cold, old aches, stiffness of the limbs by reason of wounds, ulcers, fractures, or dislocations, and dissipates cold swellings. Take of Labdanum half an ounce, Styrax, Juniper Gum, of each two drams, Amber, Cypress, Turpentine, of each one dram, red Coral, Mastich, of each half a dram, the flowers of Sage, red Roses, the roots of Orris Florentine, of each one scruple, Rozin washed in Rose-water half an ounce, the Rozin, Labdanum, Juniper Gum, and Turpentine, being gently beaten in a hot mortar, with a hot pestle, sprinkling in a few drops of red Wine till they are in a body; then put in the powders, and by diligent stirring make them into an exact plaster. Take of Oil of Olives six ounces, yellow Wax an ounce and an half, Litharge in powder four ounces and an half, Ammoniacum, Bdellium, of each half an ounce, Galbanum, Opopanax, Oil of Bays, Lapis Calaminaris, both sorts of Birthwort, Myrrh, Frankincense, of each two drams, pure Turpentine an ounce. Let the Oil, Wax, and Litharge be boiled together till it stick not to your fingers, then the mass being removed from the fire and cooled a little, and the Gums dissolved in white Wine Vinegar, which evaporate away by boiling, strain it strongly, then add the powders, Turpentine, and Oil of Bays, that it may be made into a plaster according to art. It strengthens the nerves, draws out corruption, takes away pains and aches, and restores strength to members that have lost it: the last is most effectual. Take of Mints, Wormwood, Stœchas, Bay leaves, of each a dram, Marjoram, red Roses, yellow Sanders, of each two drams, Calamus Aromaticus, Wood of Aloes, Lavender flowers, Nutmegs, Cubebs, Galanga, long Pepper, Mace, of each a dram, Mastich three drams, Cloves two drams and an half, Oil of Mints an ounce and an half, Oil of Nard an ounce, Oil of Spike a dram, Rozin, Wax, of each four ounces, Labdanum three ounces, Styrax half an ounce: make it into a plaster. Both this and the other of that name which you shall have by and by, strengthen the stomach exceedingly, help digestion and stay vomiting. Take of Pitch scraped from a Ship that hath been a long time at Sea, yellow Wax, of each seven drams, Sagapenum six drams, Ammoniacum, Turpentine, Colophonia, Saffron, of each four drams, Aloes, Olibanum, Myrrh, of each three drams, Styrax Calamitis, Mastich, Opopanax, Galbanum, Alum, the seeds of Fenugreek, of each two drams, the settlings or faces of liquid Styrax, Bdellium, of each one dram, Litharge half a dram. It is of a gentle emolient nature, prevails against stoppings of the stomach, coming of cold, hardness of the spleen, coldness of the liver and matrix. Take of Turpentine half a pound, Rozin one pound, white Wax four ounces, Mastich an ounce, fresh Betony, Vervain, and Burnet, of each one handful. Let the herbs, being bruised, be sufficiently boiled in white Wine, the liquor pressed out, in which let the Wax and Rozin be boiled to the consumption of the liquor: being taken from the fire, let the Turpentine be mixed with it; lastly the Mastich in powder, and so make of them a plaster according to art. It is excellent good in wounds and green ulcers, for it keeps back inflammations, cleanses and joins wounds, fills up ulcers with flesh. Take of the juice of Betony, Plantain, and Smallage, of each one pound, Wax, Pitch, Rozin, Turpentine, of each half a pound, boil the Wax and Rozin in the juices with a gentle fire, continually stirring them till the juice be consumed; then add the Turpentine and Pitch, continually stirring it till it be brought into the consistence of a plaster according to art. Take of yellow Wax an hundred drams, Turpentine two hundred drams, scales of Copper, Verdigris, round Birthwort, Frankincense, Sal-ammoniac, Ammoniacum, burnt brass of each eight drams, burnt Alum six drams, Aloes, Myrrh, Galbanum, of each an ounce and a half, old Oil one pound, sharp Vinegar so much as is sufficient. Let the metals be dissolved in the sun with the Vinegar, then put in those things that may be melted, last of all the powders, and make them all into an emplaster. Galen appropriates it to the head, and ulcers there. I know no reason but why it may as well serve for other parts of the body. Take of Mastich, Ship Pitch, Sagapenum, Wax, of each six drams, Ammoniacum, Turpentine, Colophonia, Saffron, Aloes, Frankincense, Myrrh, of each three drams, Opopanax, Galbanum, Styrax, Calamitis, Alum, (Rondeletius appoints, and we for him) Bitumen, Fenugreek, of each two drams, the feces of Liquid Styrax, Bdellium, Litharge, of each half a dram: Let the Litharge, being beaten into powder, be boiled in a sufficient quantity of water; then add the pitch, which being melted, add the Wax and Ammoniacum, afterwards let the Sagapenum, Opopanax, and Galbanum be put in; then the Styrax and Feces being mixed with the Turpentine, last of all the Colophonia, Mastich, Frankincense, Bdellium, Alum, Myrrh, and Fenugreek in powder: let them be made into a plaster. It strengthens the stomach, and helps digestion. Take of Colophonia, Rozin, Ship Pitch, white Wax, roman Vitriol, Ceruss, Olibanum, Myrrh, of each eight ounces, Oil of roses seven ounces, Oil of Juniper Berries three ounces, Oil of Eggs two ounces, Oil of Spick one ounce, white Vitriol, red Coral, Mummy, of each two ounces, Earth of Lemnos, Mastich, Dragon’s blood, of each one ounce, the fat of an Heron one ounce, the fat of Pimullus three ounces, Load stone prepared, two ounces, Earthworms prepared, Camphire, of each one ounce; make them into a plaster according to art. It is very good in green wounds and shootings. 