Black Rook must fall, send our forces to weaken their defenses.
The enemies are continually encroaching on Azsuna. Seek them out, and destroy them.
This trio of terrors needs to be dealt with, but it will take everything we can muster.
The Feltotem, led by a vicious Crawliac, are mustering troops. Hit them before they can strike us.
We will fight them, no matter where they hide.
Bosses are on the loose, stop them.
Its time to take Stili the Salty down.
A mass of armies are preparing for battle. Crush them.
The troops are in need of a feast to reward them for their efforts. Lets get some Goat on the menu.
The paths along the cliffs of Highmountain are beseiged with dangers.
Slithering Sliss has eluded our capture for too long. We have her cornered.
Take the gates in Stormheim.
The hides of the Manascale Basilisks in Suramar hold some... interesting properties. Recover some for research.
The paths along the cliffs of Highmountain are beseiged with dangers.
There's nothing quite like the thrill of defending the honor of your faction and engaging in some friendly, or not so friendly, competition. Send your champion to explore the battlegrounds.
There was once a great stock of wine in Falanaar. Send some troops to investigate and see what they can find.
Suramar is split between crumbling ruins and glittering civilization, yet neither is completely safe. Investigate where we can be the most help.
Lucian from One Last Glass was overheard lamenting the loss of a shipment of extraodinarly stinky cheese. Apparently the courier was overrun as he made his way through the Underbelly.
The elven ruins of Azsuna hold secrets we can't begin to comprehend. Search and rediscover what has been lost to time.
The Nightmare has corrupted the roots of Shaladrassil and many creatures within Val'sharah. Seek out and dispose of the crooked elements.
Scouts report geological instability in Highmountain, where something must be moving just beneath the surface. Investigate and destroy.
The denizens of Azsuna, whether natural or unnatural, are a dangerous sort. Be wary while traveling through the area.
The nights in Val'sharah are filled with the howls of disturbed creatures. Investigate the cause and put them out of their misery.
The wyrmtongue are scavenging the graves of the Highmountain tauren, courtesy of the Feltotem incursion. Teach them a lesson in respecting the dead.
The demons of Faronaar extend their influence deep into Azsuna, corrupting any and all they can. Search, and dispose of any under the Legion's thumb.
In the Temple of a Thousand Lights, ancient mages still linger in the form of spirits and banshees. Destroy Arcanist Thinwhisp and her Ancient Flamecallers.
Though mostly covered in rocky hills and snowy cliffs, Highmountain also has its forests, with their own beauties and dangers.
The nightborne have preserved a culture across thousands of years, but not everything is so civilized and pristine. Investigate what lies beneath.
It's not just the pathways of Highmountain that are cause for concern. Some of the greatest threats lie in wait for the unwary.
Creatures in Val'sharah were hardly tame before the Nightmare crept in, and corrupting energies have made them even more dangerous.
The melee continues in the battleground. Send our forces to assist the cause.
Though many parts of Val'sharah have been overrun, the corrupted flora may provide valuable insight into the properties of the Nightmare.
In the Ruins of Llothien, the prowlers have taken over. No one can study or investigate the ruins until their numbers are culled some.
Not only the vrykul threaten anyone who enters the hills of Stormheim. Sometimes danger strikes from the sky.
There's nothing quite like the sound of the crowd cheering as you deftly maneuver and muscle for rank. Send your champions to the arenas to see what they can learn.
Demons simply don't know when they're beaten. Even now, they plot to invade parts of Suramar. Investigate, and stop them.
The Legion's influence has swept across the Nighthold. Before we can attack the heart of the nightborne stronghold, send our forces to investigate.
Your champions have heard of a place of endless war, where the tides of battle flow constantly. Send them to investigate further.
Now that youve found your way into the guild, it seems only fair that your Champions should be allowed to participate.
Not all vrykul will ascend to the halls of Valarjar, and those are desperate to avoid the turmoil of Helheim. They will do anything to earn honor.
Karazhan stirs. Send our forces to investigate the tower.
Our scouts report a system of natural caverns beneath Black Rook Hold. We should investigate to see if they are as fortified as the castle above.
Harpies have moved into the ruins of Tel'anor, destroying the once-beautiful buildings with their foul nests. Dispose of them.
Many Moonfall Acolytes are still trapped after the Nightfallen attacked the Moon Guard Stronghold. Send in some aid for those left behind.
Storm drakes normally live in colonies or are tamed by the vrykul, but one lone drake does neither. Instead, it preys on everyone.
Usually, the squallhunter drakes prey on the stags of Stormheim, but one stag has turned the tables, slaughtering dragons. Hunt down this beast.
In the Lost Orchard, specters brew an arcane-aged wine so awful, it would serve as a decent poison. Disrupt their ghostly operations.
Many ships have run aground on the coast of Stormheim, and the sharks are a menace for survivors. Dispose of a few, so the sailors can rebuild.
Hidden in the cliffs of Stormheim, undying spirits keep a watch, despite having long passed on. Bring them some resolution to their vigil.
The Ruins of Falanaar are a dangerous place, especially for any that are wary of arachnids. Thin out the number of Lurkers there.
On the Timeworn Strand, gigantic turtles wander the ancient ruins. Their meat would go a long way to supporting our troops. Beware of naga though.
Dalaran is no stranger to rats, but they've become even more of a nuisance than usual in the Underbelly. See what's causing all the fuss.
In the Field of Forgotten Kings, Oktel Dragonblood no longer rests peacefully in his grave. He was among the first to ride dragons. Defeat him.
Val'sharah is being consumed by the Nightmare. Before we can face the darkness, send our forces to investigate the heart of the corruption.